
0: EXT. LITTLE HANGLETON PRE-DAWN
The village under a dark sky. Still as stone.


1: EXT. GRAVEYARD (LITTLE HANGLETON) - PRE-DAWN
We RAKE PAST a trio of TOMBSTONES, all bearing surname -- RIDDLE -- and the identical date of death: 1943.
In the distance, atop-a weedy hill, a MANOR stands derelict under a greasy moon. At the base of the hill is a GARDENER'S COTTAGE. A crooked FIGURE slants past the cottage window...
shaky hand -- adjusts the flame. He leans fo squinting to get the fire right, and the WINDO him is REVEALED. Something FLICKERS. Softly. again. Frank turns.
Atop the hill, LIGHT dances in one of WINDOWS manor.


2: INT. COTTAGE - PRE-DAWN
FRANK BRYCE (76) sets a kettle on the stove and -- with shaky hand -- adjusts the flame. He leans forward, squinting to get the fire right, and the WINDOW beyond him is REVEALED. Something FLICKERS. Softly, Then again. Fran turns.
Atop the hill, LIGHT dances in one of WINDOWS of the manor.


3: EXT. COTTAGE/HILL - PRE-DAWN
CLANG! Frank emerges from the cottage, walking stick in hand.


4: EXT. RIDDLE HOUSE - PRE-DAWN
He limps into the yard, approaches a DOOR almost completely covered in ivy. Fits a RUSTED KEY to the lock.


5: INT. RIDDLE HOUSE - PRE-DAWN
The KNOB SQUEALS dryly. The walking stick pierces the shadows, then Frank himself enters. His nostrils flare againat the sour air. He cocks an ear.


6: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - PRE-DAWN
Frank's SHADOW spreads darkly on the landing. Above a small table, is an OLD CALENDAR, freckled with mildew: August. 1943.
Frank reaches the top. Stops. His breath drifts like smoke.
At the end of the hallway, a door stands AJAR, casting a sliver of light across the dusty floor. Frank edges closer, sees a narrow slice of the room beyond.
A feeble fire flickers in the grate. From within: VOICES.

just then, the tip of frank's walking stick vibrates against the floorboard.
he eyes it curiously, then   in mute horror   watches a giant snake (nagini) emerge from the shadows behind him.
as it skims past his shoes and into the room, an eerie hiss (voldemort, speaking parseltongue) greets its arrival.
the door flings wide, reveals a short balding man. worhtail.
slowly, wormtail withdraws. frank bryce's eye dilate.
a flash of green light sears the walls. the walking stick clatters to the floor, handle charred black, weeping smoke. a brittle whistling rises from...

7: EXT. COTTAGE/HILL - PRE-DAWN
... the shadows of the empty Gardener's Cottage, a tea KETTLE SQUALLING MADLY, rising like a scream on the night sky. The stars vanish, one after another, leaving only BLACK as...


8: INT. WEASLEY HOUSE - RON'S BEDROOM - DAWN
... HARRY POTTER sits bolt upright, a GASP in his threat. He winces, presses his palm to the SCAR on his forehead. Across the room, RON WEASLEY, his best friend, lies sleeping.

harry spins, sees hermione granger, his next-to-best friend, grinning from the doorway.
ron bolts up, tugs a blanket over his naked chest.

9: EXT. WOODS - DAWN
A string of sleepy silhouettes -- FRED, GEORGE And GINNY WEASLEY, Harry, Ron and Hermione -- trail a huffing ARTHUR WEASLEY.
Fred has a battered pair of OMNIOCULARS slung over his neck.

as harry and hermione exchange curious glances, a ruddy-faced wizard (amos diggory) appears atop the crest ahead.
an extremely handsome 17-year old boy (cedric diggory) shakes hands with mr. weasley, whom he towers over.
diggory points, harry cranes his neck. lying in the short grass is an old boot.
arms extend, like spokes to a wheel... as each person places a finger to the boot. harry leans to fred, whispers:
swoosh! the hill lurches, then tilts. the sky begins to spin. a howling wind rises and the sky spins faster and faster and faster still... all becoming a blur... until...

10: EXT. MOOR - EARLY EVENING
... Harry SLAMS hard onto his feet and -- like the others beside him -- topples onto his back. Above him, the sky reels dizzily, lik a carousel, spinning slowly to a halt as Arthur, Amos and Cedric cycle into view, windwept but upright.

a huge hand extends and cedric pulls harry to his feet. harry nods sheepishly...
... then stops, looking past cedric to the field beyond.
thousands of tents stretch to the edge of a steep cliff, to the deep bowl of a stadium...

11: EXT. CAMPSITE - DAY (LATER)
Harry glances about in fascination as he and the others trudge through the aea of tents. EXOTIC ACCENTS dance upon the air, every nationality in evidence.

mr.weasley pulls aside the flap of a small tent. a very small tent. harry watches curiously as the others pass through, then ducks inside himself.

12: EXT. CAMPSITE - DAY (LATER)
Harry looks around. Amazed. He's standing in a 3 bedroom flat. Smiles.


13: EXT. STADIUM - NEW ANGLE - NIGHT
CAMERA FLOATS HIGH ABOVE, then PLUMMETS INTO stadium.
Harry and the others climb to their seats. Flags of all nations ring the stadium and VENDORS APPARATE here and there among the crowd, selling their wares.

fancy gold handwriting races repeatedly across a giant blackboard: gladrags wizardwear   london, paris, hogsmeade...
its lucius malfoy descending the stairs with draco. arthru weasley, tight as a drum, only glares.
halfoy's eyes trail nastily over hermione, land on harry.
as he passes, harry eyes the walking stick in lucius, malfoy's grip. a silver serpent encircles his ring finger, inlaid with emerald chips for eyes.

14: EXT. STADIUM - NEW ANGLE - NIGHT (MINUTES LATER)
Harry and the others have settled into the upmost row, where the wind whips coldly. As a fleet of BROOMSTICKS jet INTO VIEW, a ROAR rises in the crowd.

before fred can finish, a fleet of dark-clad riders soar over the opposite rim of the stadium. the crowd roars again.
ginny, points to one particularly young player (viktor krum).
the boys exchange amused glances.
fred lifts his omnioculars to his eyes and spins a dial.
through the omnioculars, as he dials krum in closwer, then runs the image forwards and backwards...
on cue, thousands of fans on the opposite side of the stadium flip large cards bearing the face of a surly-looking boy with thick eyebrows. each one is emblazoned with his name: "krum."
as the boys look up in admiration, krum jets past the vast mosaic of his likeness with nary a glance, flying with such breathtaking skill that harry's jaw fairly falls open.
in the ministry box, cornelius fudge rises as lucius halfoy and draco take their seats nearby.
a ball of light bursts from fudge's wand. harry watches viktor krum rocket upward, the crowd roaring, camera rising into the glittering night sky, the stadium growing smaller, a glimmering disc of light. then we.

15: INT. TENT (CAMPSITE) - NIGHT (HOURS LATER)
the others lie about, unable to sleep as they excitedly re-live the match.

just then, a chant of voices rises like a lion's roar beyond the tent. fred grins.
the others turn, see mr. weasley standing by the flap peering out. something in his voice causes the smiles to wither.

16: EXT. TENT/CAMPSITE - NIGHT (MINUTES LATER)

harry, ron and hermione scramble out of the tent and stare with disbelief at the hellish tableaux before them. all around them, people run in terror, trampling fires and kicking up sparks. then they see why:
a teeming clot of black-robed wizards, faces concealed behind hideous masks, are marching across the campsite, laughing drunkenly. some clutch torches while others point their wands skyward, where four people tumble eerily high above.
harry looks puzzled by this, but as mr.weasley draws his wand, harry does the same without question.
ginny blinks, startled by her father's fierce expression, then... nods. as mr.weasley dashes off, we  
harry streaks past blazing tents. lost in the mob, he falls back. fred and george   ginny in tow - flash briefly in the crowd, then vanish. hermione turns, frantic eyes finding harry's just as she and ron vanish as well.

17: EXT. CAMPSITE - NEW ANGLE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)
Harry dashes on, buffeted back and forth by the raging crowd. He stumbles, falls, struggles to rise, is trampled again. Bootheels punish the earth all around him. One strikes his temple... hard. He collapses. Out cold. All goes BALCK.
HIGH OVER the campsite, a ruin now, drifting in SMOKE. A CHILD appears, tear-streaked, WAILING for his mother. As he passes OUT OF VIEW, CAMERA FINDS Harry, still lying upon the ground. His eyelids flutter...
HARRY'S BLURRY POV - FAR IN THE DISTANCE of a FIGURE (Barty Crouch Jr.) striding through the teeming smoke like a ghost. The man pauses, surveys the devastation before him, and lifts his wand to the sky.

a peal of thunder shakes the earth and an eerie green blooms in the sky. harry squints painfully, gripping his scar and peers up.
a colossal skull of emerald stars erupts in the sky, a serpent coiling from its mouth (the dark mark). a shriek pierces the night and harry's eyes shift, find the motherless boy a few yards away, howling in terror at the sky.
harry looks back, toward the man in the distance, sees he's coming forward. the shrieking boy turns, runs away. harry's fingers reach for his wand, eyes squinting through the smoke, trying to see the approaching man's face, but all is still a blur, the smoke like black fog, the man a wavering wraith as he draws closer and closer...
hermione and ron   tiny dots   race across the campsite. the man stops, looks, then withdraws into the smoke, vanishes.
ron nods nervously to the sky.
just then, a popping fills the air and   one after another   ten ministry wizards apparate into view, wands poised.
as they hit the ground, ten jets of fiery red light electrify the air inches above their heads.
harry and the others turn, watch barty crouch   a stiff man with a toothbrush mustache and steely eyes   emerge through the haze.
crouch wheels, pointing his wand directly at harry, eyes glittering lethally when... he notices harry's	scar.
harry watches crouch blink, lower his wand.
a disturbed murmur ripples through the wizards at harry's utterance of the name. ron looks particularly pained.
harry considers this, then gazes back down the beach, toward the spot where the mysterious figure appeared.
as harry glances upward, the camera rises, reaveling a desolate tableau: the darkened stadium, the smoking campsite and   clinging to the sky like a stain   the dark mark.
picture dissolves, green sky turning blue. camera drops, reveals...

18: EXT. TRAIN/HILLSIDE - LATE DAY (DAYS LATER)

...the hogwarts express steaming down the rails.

19: INT. TRAIN CORRIDOR - SAME TIME - LATE DAY

students hang out compartment doors, talking, laughing, while an old woman pushes a candy trolley up to harry, ron and hermione's compartment.

20: INT./EXT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT - SAME TIME - LATE

harry and ron leap up, while hermione continues to read the daily prophet. over a photograph of the dark mark, a headline screams: "terror at the world cup."
ron digs into his pocket, frowns.
ron takes his gum, quickly ducks back into the compartment. harry frowns, feeling guilty, when a sweet voice sounds:
harry turns, finds a very pretty dark-haired girl (cho chang) standing by the cart. sensing harry's gaze, she looks up and... smiles. taking her treat, she heads off.
harry watches cho's lithe figure retreat, watching until she slips into a compartment and is gone.
harry turns, sees hermione shaking her head darkly begind the prophet's screaming front page. harry considers the image of the dark mark and accompanying article: "dark mark stirs old fears (first sighting in thirteen years)," then eyes the photo of the article's author, rita skeeter. hermione snaps shut the paper, stare at him.
ron, full of gum, stops chewing, eyes harry with trepidation.

21: INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - CLOSEUP - PARCHMENT - LATE DAY


22: EXT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - LATE DAY

hedwig soars high, leaving the train behind as she knits her way across the sky. on the horizon, a castle appears.

23: EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT


24: INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT

the hall glows magically, decked out for the start-of-term feast. albus dumbledore addresses the house tables from the top of the hall while flitwici, hagrid, mcgonagall and shape look on. filch glowers from the rear doors.
harry grins, glances to the ravenclaw table, sees cho grinning appreciatively at dumbledore as well.
indignation fills the hall. dumbledore smiles in amusement.
excitement shakes the hall, one voice ringing clear:
a crakling, albeit bewildered, silence hangs in the air.
hermione's brow knits with dark concern.

25: EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - BATTLEMENTS - EVENING (NEXT DAY)

students   harry, ron and hermione among them   crowd the parapets, buzzing with anticipation. far below, dumbledore has assembled the staff as a kind of welcoming party.
suddenly a rumbles fills the sky and a team of winged horses cleave the clouds, pulling a gigantic powder-blue carriage. through one of the windows, a beautiful woman (madame maxime) peers down. with an earth-shaking thud, the carriage lands.
just then, great bubbles roil the glassy surface of the black lake and a long black mast pierces the water, rising higher and higher. a black ship rises out of a greating rushing whirlpool of water, looking skeletal and ghostly in the half-light. a dark figure strides out onto the deck   tall, thin and sleek: igor karkaroff.

26: EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)
Students scramble into position, turn expectantly to Dumbledore, who stands before the staff. Harry notices a man near the back, nudges Ron: Barty Crouch.

music begins   light and fanciful   and a woman (madam maxime) in a diaphanous gown strides into the courtyard. she is beautiful. she is elegant. she is ten feet tall.
then, one by one, a procession of stunningly beautiful beauxbatons girls enter in graceful synchronization. clad in silky, skin-clinging robes, they make a decided impression on ron   and every other boy present. (hermione is less persuaded.)
suddenly, one after another, they pitch themselves forward and cartwheel to the top of the courtyard where, allayed in a circle, they await their last two members: fleur delacour, a particularly luminous girl, and her 8 year-old sister gabrielle, who is her double. vaulting side-by-side to the center of the circle, fleur pulls out a silk scarf, dangles it from her fingertips and "spins" a gabrielle like a top.
the courtyard roars with approval. (hermione rolls her eyes.)
madame haxime steps away, passing hagrid. his heard twitches. suddenly, the thrum of balalaikas fills the courtyard.
igor karkaroff   tall, sleek and arrogant   strides forth, trailed by a regiment of stoic durmstrang boys in dark fur cloaks. a pair of sleek black panthers   eyes glittering like gold   pad sullenly at karkar as karkaroff reaches the top of the courtyard, he glances about imperiously.
karkaroff smiles, turns to snape, who nods curtly.
crouch glowers. karkaroff smiles, then snaps his fingers. a quartet of durmstrang boys bring torches to their lips and spit dazzling comets of fire into the air. enthusiastic applause from all.
harry looks. at the end of the line, brooding behind his shadowed brow, is victor krum. just then, flitwick   striking his finest conductor's pose   lifts his arms before a ragtag band of students and a discordant tune fills the courtyard. instantly, the hogwarts students serenade their visitors with a glorious cacophony, the hogwarts anthem:
karkaroff raises an eyebrow. maxine struggles to hold a smile. dumbledore beams.

27: INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT (LATER)

everyone feasts. bewitched by madame maxine, hagrid stares down the tall table to where she sits... and absently spears professor flitwick's hand with his fork. karkaroff eyes crouch darkly, then turns, sees that snape is watching him. smiling thinly, karkaroff tips his goblet.
harry eyes the ravenclaw table, where the beauxbaton girls sit and fleur converses with cho. ron stuffs his face and stares at krum, who sits with the slytherins.
hearing this, harry's eyes shift, consider karkaroff. dumbledore rises, nods to the back of the hall, signaling filch, who begins to limp forward with an old chest.
cra-ack! a stitch of lightning flashes across the enchanted ceiling and the torches along the walls flicker, casting the hall into an eerie semi-darkness. the rear doors fly open and a man stands in dark silhouette, clad in a long black traveling clock, clutching a staff. lightning flashes again and alastor "madeye" moody is revealed, all grizzled grey hair and scarred flesh. as he limps forward   clonk! clonk!   all eyes shift to his wooden leg while the electric blue eye imbedded in his skull scans the hall warily.
another bolt of lightning flashes. annoyed, moody points his wand to the ceiling and, casting a red jet	of flames, calms the enchanted sky. slowly, the torches regain their bloom.
satisfied, moody pockets his wand, brings out a flash and tips it to his lips. harry watches every move, fascinated.
moody and dumbledore exchange whispers and a handshake, then moody takes the one remaining seat at the tall table. the staff eye him in mute disbelief.
barty crouch blinks, turns back to the stunned students.
dumbledore says this so forcefully the result is absolute.
taking his wand, dumbledore turns to the "casket" and gives it three taps. as the lid opens, he removes a wooden cup dancing with blue-white flames.

28: EXT, HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY

dark, autumnal clouds hang over the castle.

29: INT. MOODY'S CLASSROOM - DAY
With a MASSIVE THUD, Moody drops a textbook onto Neville's desk, the same textbook on everybody's desk: The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection.

moody's blue eyes scan the silent classroom, lands on harry. harry stares back, willing himself to hold the old warrior's horrifying visage. moody turns away. takes his flask.
moody takes a sour tug on the flask, snatches up a specimen jar and watches a spider scuttle within.
the students trade uneasy glances. finally, hermione's hand rises tentatively. as his real eye continues to stare at the spider, moody's blue eye rotates onto hermione.
whirrr! moody stops, eye raking over the others.
moody jabs his staff into the floor, right in front of harry. as the class jumps, harry studies moody's scars.
harry remains transfixed. finally moody moves on.
seamus blinks, caught in the act. whispers:
ron watches uneasily as moody returns to the specimen jar, reaches inside and lets the spider run up his hand.
as moody waves his wand, the spider leaps from his palm onto parvati's shoulder. as she shrieks, moody flicks his wand and the spider bounds from seamus to dean to lavender, on and on, the students howling with amusement as if finally lands on a horrified ron. moody grins, then summons the spider back to his palm, where he slowly circles his wand over it.
one by one, the students' smiles dry up.
he scans the forest of hands, when his eye rotatates with particular interest on... neville.
moody steps forward, looming over neville and... drops the spider onto his desk.
the spider twitches, legs trembling violently. moody stands utterly motionless, eyes fixed on neville, who seems transfixed by the spider's misery. hermione's eyes drift from the spider to neville's hands, which are clenching the corners of his desk so hard his knuckles are turning white.
finally... moody drops his wand. the room is silent.
hermione glances at neville, shakes her head.
there is a flash of green light, a rush of air, and the spider... rolls onto its back. dead.
as the others turn their eyes on him, harry looks up, sees moody studying him. moody's tongue nervously probes the corner of his mouth as he takes out his flask and turns away. harry's eyes drop to the spider. lying motionless.

30: EXT. SPIRAL STAIRCASE OUTSIDE MOODY'S - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)

harry, ron and rermione drift from class.
harry lets out a short warning whistle: up ahead, within earshot, neville stands by a stained glass window, his face running in rainy blue light as he gazes vaguely beyond.
clunk! clunk! moody limps past them, places a leathered hand on neville's shoulder.
as moody leads neville away, harry and the others head off themselves. camera pushes in on the window where neville had stood. set within the pane is an ancient witch fashioned out of blue glass, her "skin" running with rain. a tiny fissure mars the glass below one eye. she looks to be crying.

31: EXT. COURTYARD - LATE AFTERNOON
We start HIGH OVER the courtyard, where a BITTER WIND sweeps CRYSTALLINE SHEETS of RAIN from the roof. Far below, Cedric Diggory comes INTO VIEW, dashes toward the Great Hall.


32: INT. GREAT HALL - CONTINUOUS ACTION - LATE AFT
The GOBLET flickers eerily at the top of the hall. A group of underclassmen -- Harry and Ron among them -- stand by as their older classmates submit their names. Hermione clutches a copy of Tribrizard Tragedie.

cedric nods to harry, drops his name. ron raises his hand in greeting, but cedric is already dashing back into the rain. ron frowns, drops his hand, glances back to the goblet.
harry grins and ron nods knowingly. just then, fred and george come striding forth, looking very pleased indeed.
fred and george hold up twin vials.
everyone turns. hermione flips a page in her book.
as one, they tip a gooey green liquid onto their tongues and, with great drama, cross the golden line encircling the goblet. as they drop their names, everyone waits. and waits. fred and george grin, high five each other and...
...are ejected high in the air, out of the circle and flat onto their backs, whereupon little white beards sprout on their chins. everyone laughs, including fred and george. then seamus stops. then dean. harry. ron. finally, when no one is laughing, hermione looks up, sees what has silenced them:
victor krum.
he drops his name, glances at her, briefly, then lowers his head and slouches away. hermione watches him go, briefly, then turns back to her book. camera drifts back to the goblet of fire, dancing with flames, and we

33: INT. GREAT HALL - MIGHT
... the GOBLET, HOURS LATER, now sitting at the top of the Hall. The House tables crackle with anticipation as, overhead, the ENCHANTED CEILING swirls with DARK CLOUDS. At the Tell Table, the staff waits, Moody among them. Dean Thomas dashes up to the Gryffindor table.

harry and ron glance to the ravenclaw table, where cho sits next to an empty seat. ron looks crestfallen.
suddenly there is a stir at the back of the hall and the beauxbatons girls, chins held high, stride single-file into the room, past the house tables and up to the goblet of fire where   one after another   they deposit their names. as a final flourish, tiny gabrielle delacour casts a handful of pixie dust into the goblet, which issues a pink cloud of rose petals. the hall rings with whistles and cheers. ron beams.
dumbledore draws his wand and gives a great sweeping motion. instantly, the torches lining the hall gutter, then die. the only light comes from the blue_withe flames of the goblet.
a hush descends. then... the flames crackle and turn red. a charred bit of parchment flutters from the goblet and dumbledore plucks it out of the air.
a storm of applause accompanies krum from the slytherin table to the top of the hall and into the adjoining chamber.
once mare, the hall grows quiet, all eyes on the goblet. the flames turn red. a second piece of parchment floats free.
ron whistles through his fingers   a touch top loudly. hermione glowers at him.
a collective gasp cuts dumbledore short: the flames in the goblet of fire have, once more, turned red. moody's eye rotates. a fourth shred of parchment flutters forth. for a moment, dumbledore simply lets it float in the air, regarding it suspiciously, then he takes it.
there is a moment of suspended silence. then every eye in the hall turns toward harry. incredulous,	ron searches harry's face for some explanation. finally, hermione whispers:
harry rises stiffly and begins the slow walk past the house tables. as he comes level with the tall table, he catches sight of dumbledore. he is not smiling.

34: INT. TROPHY ROOM - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER)

harry enters, stops, stunned.
harry turns, finds krum, diggory and fleur standing majestically before a roaring fire.
the door crashes open and dumbledore sweeps inside, as do karkaroff, maxime, snape and crouch. maxime, swelling indignantly, brushes her head against a chandelier.
crouch stands by the fire, staring into the flames blankly, face cast in eerie half-shadow. moody's blue eye vibrates with strange intensity as he considers the older man.

35: EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT (LATER)

the dark castle stands solemnly in the punishing rain. one light burns in an upper window...

36: INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - NIGHT

dumbledore, hcgonagall, snape and moody meet. dumbledore stands before an open cabinet, staring into a shallow stone basin which whirls with liquid light.
moody rotates his blue eye onto dumbledore, smiles wryly:
gently, dumbledore touches his wand to his temple, extracts a glistening silver thread and casts it into the basin. he closes the cabinet doors, putting us in total darkness. only the drumming of the rain remains. then... we

37: INT. TOWER CORMITORY - NIGHT (LATER)
The walls weep with REFLECTED RAIN as it continues to STORM beyond the windows. Harry lies in bed, watching shadowy trails of water snake eerily over the ceiling.

harry turns, eyes the back of ron's head.
harry stops, frowns.
the darkness crackles with silence. then...

38: INT. TROPHY ROOM - DAY
FLASH! Smoke trails from a BOX CAMERA and the quartet of champions blink. A PAUNCHY PHOTOGRAPHER nods listlessly.

a woman steps through the smoke and into the light, eying the four champions with an almost feral intensity. rita skeeter.

39: INT. BROOM CLOSET - DAY
Skeeter drags Harry inside, drops him onto a cardboard box and slams shut the door.

harry watches skeeter take an acid-green quill from her purse, suck on the tip, and places it upright of parchment.
harry glances at the quill racing across the parchment.
harry watches the quill reverse itself.
harry just sits, flustered, then realizes the quill is racing along even though he's not speaking.
just then, the door swings open: dumbledore.

40: INT. TROPHY ROOM - DAY
Crouch stands before the champions, while McGonagall, Maxime, Karkaroff, Dumbledore and Moody look on.

skeeter eyes crouch with cruel amusement as she speaks to the phlegmatic photographer.
as skeeter exits, moody is revealed, having heard every word.

41: EXT. OWLERY - DAY
A skeletal structure stands etched against the sky. In the distance, Hogwarts Castle looks small, removed.


42: INT. OWLERY - DAY
Harry, looking decidedly burdened, sits alone on the wide ledge of a window. As a CHILL BREEZE casts his hair aside, revealing his SCAR, a BLACK OWL appears against the slate sky. With a great FLUTTERING SWOOP, the bird drops onto the ledge and bobs its head impatiently. Carefully, Harry takes a WEATHERED BIT OF PARCHMENT lashed crudely to the owl's leg.

harry looks at the blood curdling on his finger. plit. a drop hits the wood at his feet. then another. plit.

43: INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - NIGHT
Dark except for a GUTTERING FIRE. Harry appears at the top of the stairs, surveys the empty room below, descends. A copy of the Daily Prophet lies upon a table: "Teenage Tragedy: Harry Potter and the Triwizard Cup."	Harry's PHOTO is ten times the size of the other three champions.
Sssss! The FIRE CRACKLES. A log shifts.
Harry scowls at Rita Skeeter's face, flickering demonically in the firelight, then HURLS the paper into the fire where it SIZZLES NASTILY and SPITS out SPARKS. Harry takes a step back, eying the fire warily as the flames mutate, molding themselves into...

... the head of sirius black, his godfather.
as sirius smiles, his face shifts eerily, his skin crumbling like ash, only to reform in the next moment.
harry nods, frowns. sirius has hit a nerve.
sirius' face crumbles, decaying into something truly monstrous as he hisses:
harry just stares, chilled. then, a floorboard squeals. harry glances toward the darkness of the landing.
harry wheels, shielding the fire as a shadow climbs the ceiling and a boy appears, looking pathetic in too-short pajamas. ron.
ron's jaw stiffens and he turns away. harry frowns, starts to speak, to make things up, when ron mutters:
as the shadows swallow ron, the fire crackles and the last charred remain of the prophet   bearing harry's face and a single word: tragedy   curls up on itself and turns to ash.

44: EXT. CLOISTER (OXFORD NEW COLLEGE) - DAY
Harry, looking a bit glum, walks with Neville, who has his nose buried in a BOOK.

harry nods. then... laughter sounds from the other side of the garden. harry turns, sees ginny and hermione walking with a rather sullen-looking ron. spying each other, ron and harry regard one another coolly, then ron whispers at length to hermione and exits. exasperated, hermione approaches.
hermione turns away, continues on with ginny.

45: EXT. FORBIDDEN FOREST - NIGHT
CAMERA SOARS OVER the FORBIDDEN FOREST, DROPS INTO the TREES.

camera finds harry trailing hagrid's broad back through the eerie darkness. harry glances about queasily.
just then, up ahead, hen's shouts come clear, followed by an ear-splitting roar. hagrid glances back, grinning, and gestures harry forward. a clearing comes into view, where gangs of wizards surround four giant slatted cages. inside each cage, something huge rages violently. harry squints.
hagrid nods excitedly.
hagrid grins like a kid. harry points.
on cue, the horntail blasts a rope of fire straight across the clearing, directly at harry and hagrid. as they bail to opposite sides, the regal pine between them turns to ash.
harry regains his feet, spies madame maxime across the way.
incredulous, harry points to another section of trees.
just then, the black horntail roars angrily, rocking his cage as he rages at the gang of wizards tending him.

46: EXT. CORRIDOR - DAY
Harry walks alone, angry, passing students who sport BADGES that read "POTTER STINKS," which angers	him more. Then he spies Cedric Diggory talking with a group of older Hufflepuffs. Slows. Debating, he heads over.

the lapels of cedric's friends glimmer with "potter stinks" badges. as harry comes up, one blinks and the punch line is revealed: "support cedric diggory, the true hogwarts champion." noticing harry, one of the boys nods to cedric. he turns. eyes harry coolly.
harry nods again. as cedric rubs his chin nerviously pondering this, harry looks away and... sees ron coming down the corridor with seamus.
ron smiles vaguely, clearly not getting the joke, then sees harry up ahead, barring his way.
ron glances about, uncomforably aware of onlookers, then steels himself.
as ron exits, harry turns, finds malfoy staring with cruel amusement, crabbe and goyle by his side.
harry eyes him, then simply turns, begins to walk away.
harry continues on...
malfoy's face falls.
malfoy stands stiffly, mute.
as harry turns away, malfoy fumes, then reaches for his wand, takes aim at the back of harry's head and...
bang! harry spins, finds moody framed in the stairwell, wand pointing at the empty space between crabbe and goyle. harry's eyes shift: on the floor a white ferret does crazy-eights in the spot where malfoy stood only seconds before.
bang!   moody sends the ferret flying up into the air, over and over.
harry turns, watches mcgonagall rush forward.
mcgonagall draws her wand and   pop!   malfoy reappears, sprawled on the floor, face pink, gasping for breath.
to harry's surprise, moody's eyes shift then, to him, something sly in the glance, almost complicit.
moody spins away from harry, turns on malfoy fiercely.

47: INT. MOODY'S OFFICE - DAY
Harry follows Moody into an office filled with bizarre DARE DETECTORS. In one -- a MIRROR -- MURKY SHAPES mutate eerily.

as moody grins, harry nods uncertainly. just then, across the room, a huge trunk with seven keyhole vibrates violently and a terrible moaning is heard within.
moody takes a pull on his flask, considers harry.
harry nods vaguely...

48: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
Harry trails Hermione through the stacks, warily sidestepping the books she summons from the shelves that tower over them.

harry scowls, briefly imitating hermione behind her back, then spies ron studying alone at a far table.
harry turns, watches hermione push through a clique of whispering girls, who   harry discovers   are spying on krum.
as hermione flings another book over her shoulder, harry ducks, pivots, and watches it refile itself perfectly. just then, malfoy's voice carries from somewhere in the next aisle.
hermione doesn't reply, oblivious. harry angrily peers through the gaps in the stacks and spies malfoy, surrounded by slytherins, as he reads from the daily prophet.
malfoy looks up, sees harry and can barely contain his glee as he raises his voice:
harry turns, sees that hermione remains oblivious but someone else is not: cho, standing at the end of his aisle. she looks from him to hermione. then... whack!... hermione flings a book over her shoulder and hits harry in the head.
with a flick of her wand, hermione summons the book from the floor and sends it back toward the shelf. then... she stops.
harry watches hermione go muttering off, then turns, looks for cho. gone. he frowns, then passes out of frame, the camera moving toward a window...

49: EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - LATE AFTERNOON
... and THROUGH, SOARING OVER the grounds to the dense trees of the Forbidden Forest, CIRCLING the CRIMSON GLOW of the clearing, where newly erected STANDS teem with students...


50: EXT. ARENA STANDS - LATE AFTERNOON
... DESCENDING INTO the clearing itself, where Fred and George conduct a few last minute transactions...

hermione pops george hard in the arm, glowering disapprovingly as...
... the camera tracks back with her into a tent, where...

51: INT. TENT - LATE AFTERNOON
...Harry paces. Hermione snaps shut the flap. Smiles nervously.

harry nods. hermione glances about. fleur sits in stony silence. krum lies on a bench. diggory paces.
overcome, she throws her arms around him, when   flash!   rita skeeter strolls in, photographer in tow.
everyone turns, stunned to hear krum speak. skeeter studies him appraisingly (as does hermione), then smiles thinly.
as she exits, dumbledore enters from the opposite end. with him are karkaroff and madame maxime and barty crouch.
crouch holds out a bag or purple silk. fleur reaches in, draws out a tiny model of a dragon bearing the number "2." it pads over fleur's palm, lets out a tiny puff of smoke.
krum reaches in, draws "3."
then cedric: "1."
dumbledore's eyes darken as they peer into harry's palm. the miniature horntail rears up angrily, lets out a roar and emits a tiny ball of fire.
the champions stand mute.
ka-bloom! filch fires a small cannon a tad early, causing all present to nearly jump out of their skins.
cedric stares at the tiny dragon in his hand, then closes his fingers over it and strides away. camera rises behind the remaining trio as cedric exits... rising higher as the unseen crowd roars... rising into the peak of the tent where the canvas undulates with the flames that flicker beyond... cycling slowly back down to...
harry. standing alone. as he begins to move camera tracks after, following him through the tent and into...

52: EXT. ARENA - LATE AFTERNOON
... the ROARING arena, where HUNDREDS of SCREAMING FACES wheel above him and THREE MASSIVE BANNERS hang TATTERED and SMOKING. Only the banner opposite, emblazoned with the HOGWARTS CREST, is wholly intact. Then...
A FIREBALL BURSTS through the center of it and the banner DISINTEGRATES, revealing... the Horntail. Yellow eyes blazing. Spiked tail punishing the ground where a GLIMMERING GOLDEN EGG lies. Harry points his wand to the sky:

instantly, camera cranes high, soaring above the clearing and the forest that contains it, leaving the shrieking voices behind, finding hogwarts castle on the horizon. a pinprick appears in the sky, lengthening, drawing closer in a rush of air. and then... harry's firebolt streaks into view.
camera cranes down, plummeting back into the abyss of screaming voices, tracking the broom right into harry's hand.
instantly, harry rockets into the air, clothes snapping, hair fluttering off his scar.
enraged, the horntail's head swivels, yellow eyes tracking harry's every move. as harry dives..
the horntail spits forth a blazing rope of fire. harry swoops, streaking under the flames, straightens out, dives again, then looks down and...
... sees the dragon's spiked tail lashing up like a whip.
harry rolls sideways, strangling the firebolt's handle as the dragon's tail whistles past and a gust of wind buffets him.
rolling upright, harry jets away, dodging one volley of fire after another, then loops down and... finds himself heading directly at the horntail. furious, the dragon rises up, sends forth an errant blast of fire and, for the briefest of moments, leaves the golden egg exposed.
noting this, harry climbs once more, circling the crowd once again, when he sees...
cho. looking up at him with rapt intensity. he studies her face, wheeling slowly by like a dream, when...
... a snaking shadow ripples across the seats and cho's hands fly to her face in horror. harry blinks, turns, and...
too late. the dragon's tail slashes through	his shoulder and sends him spinning away in a spray of blood.
grimacing, harry steadies the firebolt and   setting his jaw   begins to circle the arena. as he flies faster and faster, the crowd rises to its feet, roaring as he rockets past once, twice, and then again. suddenly, he loops high... and dives.
directly at the horntail.
the dragon bellows savagely, stretching its chains to the breaking point, and expels a blazing ball of fire. the crowd gasps, faces bleached with light as the night sky shimmers, and then...
harry bursts straight out of the ball of fire, swooping between the dragon's legs and scooping up the golden egg. as he rises into the air   robes smoking, face strewn with ash   cheers shake the arena.
exultant, harry circles the arena on the smoldering firebolt, egg clutched in his bloody hand. faces wheel below: dumbledore, mcgonagall, cho and... the inscrutable moody, whose glimmering blue eye rotates onto an unhappy karkaroff. as the flag of gryffindor is raised, harry grins...

53: INT. COMMON ROOM - NIGHT (LATER)
Harry -- stained with ash -- is greeted by LO hearty backslaps.

a cheer goes up and the boys pass the egg hand over hand. as harry takes it, he plays his fingers into position, waits for the room to positively crackle with anticipation and then... stops. the others jeer mutinously. he grins. opens it. and... a horrible screeching wail (mer.mish) fills the room.
as harry snaps shut the egg, one voice carries:
harry looks. hermione looks. everyone looks. it's ron, standing by the portrait hole, hands on ears. his eyes shift uneasily, suddenly aware he's in the spotlight.
as the hum of conversation resumes, harry glares at ron.

54: INT. GREAT HALL - DAY
Cho sits with a fellow Ravenclaw girl, who WHISPERS in her ear and GIGGLES. Cho smiles enigmatically and casts a faint glance toward Harry, who responds by dribbling porridge down his chin. As he dabs his mouth quickly with his napkin, PARVATI and ROMA PATIL -- identical twins -- stroll by and cast him identical come-hither looks:

hermione scowls at the daily prophet. under rita skeeter's byline and photo   hair in ringlets	this time a headline screams: "harry potter's secret heartache."
ron chuckles. hermione glowers at him.
hermione shakes her head in weary puzzlement as a tiny first year boy (nigel) comes dashing up with a floppy box.
the boy stares in jittery awe at harry.
as nigel stumbles off, harry and hermione eye ron. he shrugs.
harry watches ron lift a lace-trimmed gown from the box.
hermione, back of her hand to her mouth, suppresses a laugh.
mcgonagall and harry step into frame.
harry cocks his head, as if he had water in his ear.
just then, a commotion is heard. turning, mcgonagall watches seamus pelt dean thomas with a custard pie. mcgonagallis face drops.

55: INT. DANCE CLASS - DAY
The entire rank and file of Godric Gryffindori roster -- girls on one side, boys on the other before a fierce McGonagall.

the students exchange nervous glances.
grudgingly, ron obeys. as fred and george whistle, ron raises his right hand in a rude rejoinder when mcgonagall closes her hand over his just in the nick of time.
filch drops the needle onto an old record player and a musty waltz fills the courtyard. instantly, neville smiles, bobbing his head, as it transported by the music.
the music swells as the girls and boys nervously cross the divide and begin to pair off and a montage begins...

56: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY (ANOTHER DAY)
Harry and Ron move warily down a corridor seemingly inhabited only by GROUPS of GIRLS -- one of which includes Cho.

ron watches fleur pass by at the head of a breathtaking band of beauxbatons girls.
just then, padma and pavarti pass by, smile...

57: INT. MOODY'S CLASSROOM - DAY
FEMALE HANDS PASS a NOTE under desks -- ONE set of FINGERNAILS DECORATED with HEARTS -- working west to east...


58: INT. HILL - DAY
Harry, Ron and Hermione study. Krum passes. A beat. A gaggle of girls pass in pursuit. Hermione rolls her eyes...


59: EXT. OXFORD NEW COLLEGE - COURTYARD - DAY
A Durwstrang boy approaches a group of girls, asks one out. She nods, Harry and Ron look at each other in amazement...


60: INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT
Ron and Harry enter, find Neville dancing by himself, horribly. Quickly, they step back, close the door and glace at one another...


61: INT. SPIRAL STAIRCASE - DAY
Cho stands reading a spellbook. Harry swallows nervously, starts forward, when a classroom DOOR SWINGS ACROSS his face and a group of Ravenclaw girls sweep Cho away...


62: EXT. STONE BRIDGE - DAY
Graceful as fawns, Fleur and Gabrielle lead a group of Beauxbatons girls, arms swinging in unison, down a walkway, passing the scarf between them. Ron watches in awe...


63: INT. MOODY'S CLASSROOM - DAY
FEMAIL HANDS PASS a NOTE under desks -- THREE sets of FINGERNAILS DECORATED with HEARTS -- working east to west...


64: INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT
Harry lies in bed, staring at the ceiling, turning the egg over in his hands, when it POPS open. We CUT WIDE, watch each boy BOLT UP in bed, slap hands over their ears...


65: INT. COURTYARD - DAY
Two HUGE BODIES approach through the arches, come clear: Hagrid and Madame Maxime...


66: INT. DANCE CLASSROOM - DAY
Neville dances alone...


67: EXT. LAKE - DAY
Cho passes by, OUT OF VIEW. Harry appears, follows, then bumps into an OLDER BOY smoothly chatting up a GIRL with BANGS. As Harry stumbles away in embarrassment, he nearly runs into Karkaroff. As both exit, Moody appears...


68: INT. MOODY'S CLASSROOM - DAY
FEMALE HANDS PASS a NOTE under desks -- ALL sets of FINGERNAILS DECORATED with HEARTS -- working west to east and ending on the GIRL with BANGS.


69: EXT. STONE BRIDGE - DAY
Fleur and Gabrielle lead a group of Beauxbatons girls the other way down the walkway, arms swinging in perfect time, magically passing the scarf. Ron watches in awe...


70: EXT. COURTYARD - DAY
Snow begins to fall...


71: EXT. TOWER - NIGHT
Neville flutters across the glass, dancing OUT OF VIEW as SNOW FALLS more heavily and...


72: INT. GREAT HALL - MORNING
Harry and Ron sit together, gloomily surveying the room.

harry and ron grin. hermione looks over disapprovingly.
fred winks at harry and ron, exits. ron turns, eyes hermione.
hermione glances up witheringly.
with that, she snaps shut her book, exits.
harry hesitates, then... nods.

73: EXT. GROUNDS/OWLERY - DAY (LATER)
FAR BELOW us, Harry makes his way toward the Owlery, which stands like a stranded scarecrow in a sea of white. Suddenly an OWL FLUTTERS forth and Harry halts. FOOTSTEPS sound and a FIGURE descends the owlery's snowladen stairs, flickering in and out of view. Seconds later, a GIRL appears. Cho.
They stand awkwardly for a moment. Cho gestures all around.

he glances away, face hidden from cho, and grimaces, mouthing "splendid" in miserable mortification.
he says this so forcefully, she nearly stumbles stopping.
harry looks away, flexing his fingers within his mittens. cho chews her lip, frowning, then turns away. as she goes, harry exhales, shaking his head, when...
he looks up. sees her staring him straight in the eye.
she turns then, and harry watches her dash back toward the distant castle, filling his footprints with her own. we reverse, seeing her from on high, at a great distance. gradually, the sky darkens arid, as cho disappears in mid-run, we pull back...

74: INT. COMMON ROOM - NIGHT (HOURS LATER)
... THROUGH the window of the Common Room, FIND Harry sitting with Hermione by the fire, staring into the flames while she studies. Nearby, a pair of FIRST YEAR GIRLS cut pieces of FOLDED PINK PAPER. As one GIGGLES, Harry looks over, sees her hold up a string of PAPER MEN... with no heads.

hermione studies him doubtfully, when suddenly ron trips through the portrait hole, staggers across the room, and collapses into a chair. he looks shell-shocked. ginny, who's accompanied him, fights hard to suppress a smile.
ron shakes his head.
as hermione smiles, one of the first years giggles, unfolds a pair of female faces   mirror images   joined at the lips.

75: INT. DORMITORY - NIGHT (DAYS LATER)
Ron stands grimly before a MIRROR in his lace dress robes. He shakes his head, MUTTERS in disbelief;

harry steps out then. his robes, in contrast to ron's, are simple, black and completely unadorned.

76: INT. BOTTOM STAIRCASE/ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT
CAMERA DROPS WITH the SNOWFLAKES falling from the ceiling, OVER the smartly-dressed students filing into the Great Hall, TO the sweeping staircase, where Harry and Ron descend. Ron scans the crowd.

harry raises an eyebrow appraisingly, when:
parvati and padma, doubly delightful in shocki pink and bright turquoise respectively, wait below.
parvati's eyes rake over ron's robes as she takes harry's arm. padma stares in open horror. just then,mcgonagall appears, looking a bit flustered.
she falters, goggling at ron's robes, then collects herself.
as ron drags padma off, she looks back desperately to her sister. parvati just shakes her head.
just then, a gust of wind stirs the air and the durmstrang and beauxbaton students file inside. as fleur delacour appears, her silk wrap flies free, fluttering like a dove into the air, leading harry's eye to... cho, who arrives hand in hand with cedric diggory.
harry nods glumly, staring at cho, then realizes parvati is looking not at cho, but at a girl in periwinkle robes. hair twisted in a graceful knot, swan's neck shining, she is nothing short of breathtaking. she is... hermione.
taking krum's arm, she gives harry a little wave. as if it were on a string, harry's own hand rises, waves back.
strings rise on the air and...

77: INT. GREAT HALL
... a PATH OF LIGHT spills from the Entrance Hall, revealing a darkened Hall glimmering with ICICLES and MISTLETOE. The house tables have vanished, replaced by dozens of smaller ones, each glowing with LANTERN LIGHT around a central DANCE FLOOR. Flitwick conducts a STRING QUARTET.
As the Champions enter, APPLAUSE rises. Fleur leads the way, on the arm of a stunned-looking Ravenclaw boy (ROGER DAVIES), while Harry and Parvati enter last, Parvati waving like a beauty queen. Harry scans the room for Ron and finds him, staring open-mouthed at Hermione as she passes with Krum.

as the champions reach the dance floor, flitwick's baton freezes in mid-air   bringing the hall to a hush.
harry puts his hand on parvati's waist, takes her hand, when... flitwick's baton drops and a waltz begins.
more out of fear than anything else, harry takes a step, then another. the music swells. fleur sweeps past, rigid as a queen. next is cho, dark eyes glimmering as they briefly meet harry's own. finally, hermione adrift in krum's strong arms   shoots harry a goofy, excited grin.
dumbledore leads mcgonagall from the tall table and, with a short bow, sweeps her onto the floor, where they dance formally, beautifully. quickly, the remainder of the staff pair off and join them. even madame maxime yields to hagrid and his horrible suit, though she casts her eyes askance while in his arms. only moody remains on the sidelines, eye whirling madly in time to the wltz.
finally, the students converge, led by neville, who glides like astaire, much to the astonishment date   ginny weasley. lost in the crush, harry feels less self-conscious about his own clumsy feet and actually manages to smile. the camera rises.. taking it all in...rising higher and higher until we... rack focus... onto a trio of gleaming icicles... dripping now that it's  
a hand (fred's) reaches into frame, snaps off one of the icicles and a jagged razor burn of guitars, courtesy of the weird sisters, shatters the calm as we spiral down onto the dance floor cum mosh pit now hopping with bodies...
fred slips the icicle down the back of tiana's robes and she squeals, darting after him, leading us to hermione and krum. hermione yells above the din:
she starts to correct him, then shrugs.
harry and ron sit watching grimly from the sidelines, while padma and parvati sit on opposite sides of them, arms crossed in aggravation. ron eyes krum lethally.
harry's eyes shift from cho and cedric's gyrating figures.
a handsome durmstrang boy approaches parvati, who looks ready to put a gun to her head.
as parvati exits, hermione drops into her vacant chair flush from dancing.
hermione, rendered speechless by ron, exits. harry merely stares incredulously at him. padma sulks.
just then, neville glides by with ginny and we

78: EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT (LATER)
Harry drifts into the courtyard, alone, bedeviled by the DISTANT BLARE of the MUSIC of the Great Hall. Here, another kind of torture greets him as AMOROUS SHADOWS tremble behind the STEAMY WINDOWS of CARRIAGES. WHISPERS drip from foreign tongues. A GIRL GIGGLES.

harry freezes, watches snape and karkaroff come into view. snape sprays the backseat of the carriage with wand light.
a girl and boy flee. as snape and karkaroff walk on, harry slips behind a stone gargoyle, listens.
karkaroff says nothing, staring lethally at snape, then turns away, heading back toward the lights of the castle. harry draws back into the shadows, watching him pass, then notices a glint of blue light on the far side of the courtyard.
moody, eye shimmering in its socket, has been watching too.

79: INT. ENTRANCE HALL/GREAT HALL - NIGHT (AFTER)
Ron and Hermione stand just inside the empty Hall, faces flushed in anger.

ron starts to reply, stops dead in his tracks, then sputters:
hermione turns then, sees... harry.
harry just stares. much of hermione's hair has escaped, making her look a bit mad... and lopsided.
as harry and ron increase their pace, hermione kicks off her miserable heels, hitches up her wrinkled dress and hobbles off, all lunatic hair and weary shoulders, leaving the hall to ginny, neville, hagrid and maxime, who dance on and on as the clock strikes midnight...

80: EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE CLOCKTOWER - NIGHT
... and the CAMERA RISES TO the TOLL of the BELLS, leaving the pendulum behind, DRIFTING HIGHER and HIGHER INTO the FALLING SNOW as the BELLS grow HOLLOW and GHOSTLY and we --


81: INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT (HOURS LATER)
... the dormitory ceiling, undulating with reflected snow, DRIFTING DOWN the walls TO Harry, sleeping, As CAMERA MOVES IN ON his TWITCHING EYELID, the LAST BELL TOLLS and we...


82: EXT. SKY (LITTLE HANGLETON) - NIGHT
... PULL BACK from the EYE of an RAVEN, soaring through a SNOWY NIGHT SKY. In the distance a HILL appears, weeds tossing in a gentle BREEZE. There is a GARDENER'S COTTAGE and, further up, a derelict MANOR. The raven soars toward the manor, gliding through...
... a DARK WINDOW on the second story... down a gloomy passageway... into a room of shadows... towards the back of a CHAIR... circling slowly...

a filthy cloth bundle comes into view. something twitches within. we glide closer and closer. an eye. not quite human. blinks...

83: INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT
Harry wakes with a GASP.

neville, in his dress robes, looms into videw, his pale face eerily reflecting the snow falling beyond the window.
neville grins, then turns away, humming as he does a two-step to his bed. harry touches his scar and glances to the window, at the snow piling up against the glass...

84: EXT. WOODEN BRIDGE - DAY
Harry and Hermione walk.

people are looking their way. harry lowers his voice.
hermione glances at harry, studying him, as if debating some troubling notion.
there is an awkward silence. then...
harry turns, sees cedric separate from cho, begin to trot over. hermione gives harry one last look, goes.
harry looks at him oddly, but cedric just nods, releases his arm and dashes back to cho.

85: INT. FIFTH-FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT
Empty. Silent. Then... Harry appears, wrapped in a DRESSING-GOWN and SLIPPERS, clutching his egg. He flip-flops his way down the corridor, descends a small series of steps... when one GIVES UNDERNEATH HIM. He bobbles the egg, just manages to evade the trick step and continues on.
A door slides open and Harry...


86: INT. PREFECTS' BATHROOM - NIGHT
... slips inside a room of gleaming WHITE MARBLE. Before him lies a SUNKEN POOL, fitted with a hundred GOLDEN TAPS. Above it is a PAINTING of a MERMAID, asleep upon a rock, long hair fluttering gently in a soft breeze. Harry kneels by the pool and sees that each tap bears a different-colored JEWEL. He gives one a TWIST, watches EMERALD WATERS spew forth...
Harry slips into the BRILLIANTLY COLORED WATERS and sits. Eyes himself in the MIRROR opposite.

frowning, harry takes his egg, sighs, and opens it. a horrible screeching wail echoes painfully off the tile. quickly, harry snaps shut the egg.
harry wheels, finds a ghost sitting cross-legged atop one of the toilet bowls: moaning myrtle.
as myrtle's eyes drift downward, harry slips a bit further under the suds. myrtle smiles naughtily, spirals lazily into the air.
harry takes the egg and lowers it beneath the suds.
he does. then... a distant song gurgles to the surface.
harry's face plunges into view and a chorus of eerie, otherworldly voices sing a siren's song:
harry turns, sees that myrtle has joined him underwater, eying him appreciatively. he frowns and breaks the surface of the water, followed by myrtle.
harry frowns, then his eyes shift to the painting. the mermaid. hair adrift...
as myrtle's eyes drift downward, harry quickly does a little strategic sud arranging.
the plumbing gurgles and myrtle shoots off in a huff.

87: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT (VERY LATE)
A GHOST drifts from lamp to lamp, blowing them out, CAMERA GLIDES eerily PAST empty aisles -- as if someone's MOVING POV -- FINDS Harry, Ron and Hermione sitting at a table piled high with SPELLBOOKS and the GOLDEN EGG.

harry and hermione turn, see ron toying with the egg, he looks up, withers.
just then, a scarred hand reaches across hermione, snatches the egg from ron. moody. he holds the egg to the light.
moody looks transfixed, then... blinks, tongue probing the corner of his mouth as he takes his flask.
harry frowns, watches them go. moody glances back.
moody exits. harry turns, finds...
harry drops down in his chair, puts his palms to his eyes.
slowly, harry drops his hands from his eyes.

88: EXT. BLACK LAKE/HOGWARTS CASTLE - MORNING
Students stream down a hill to the Black Lake, where SMALL BOATS wait to ferry them to VIEWING TOWERS.


89: EXT. BLACK LAKE - LAKE SHORE - MORNING
Fred and George work the "flow" like pros.


90: EXT. VIEWING TOWERS - DAY
The Champions wait. Fleur looks imperious, oblivious to the Beauxbaton girls that buzz about her. Karkaroff whispers to the impassive Krum. Cedric rolls his neck and stretches. Harry, towel draped over his neck, casts a dubious eye at the SLIMY GREEN COIL of LEAVES UNDULATING in his palm.

blam! filch fires the cannon. dumbledore shakes his head.
the crowd roars and the champions sprint into the icy water. chill bumps pebble harry's skin as he stuffs the gillyweed into his mouth. he chews furiously.	swallows. and... claps his hands to his throat.
veins erupt in harry's temples. blood vessels snake through the whites of his eyes. his fingers slip from his throat. someone screams. harry has gills.

91: EXT. UNDERWATER
Harry knifes into the water, HANDS mutating, turning ghostly green, webbed. He kicks deeper, feet flashing like flippers.
He glances to his left. Several yards away, Krum's pale body shimmers. Abruptly, Krum's face turns and he... GRINS.
Or so it seems.
The grin spreads hideously, Krum's teeth lengthening into razor sharp spikes, his head mutating into the blunt angles of a... SHARK. Quickly, Harry kicks deeper.
Harry glides through SHIMMERING SHAFTS of LUMIINESCENCE, passing from shadow into light, back into shadow...
A veil of SMALL FISH scatter like darts as Harry streaks into view, then vanish, taking the light with them.
Harry drifts deeper and deeper, bubbles trailing from his gills. Dark velvet grasses twitch in the current, caressing his skin. The water grows darker... then:
A CURIOUS SILVER LIGHT FLICKERS and a CREATURE -- graceful and swift -- FLASHES INTO VIEW. Harry stares, transfixed, then kicks after the slithering creature, its RADIANCE blinding. Slowly, it takes shape:
It the MERMAID from the painting in the Prefect's bathroom.
She gazes briefly back -- long golden tresses drifting like smoke across her eyes -- then FLITS away. Harry kicks harder, closing the distance between them, when she... disappears. Harry slows, glances about. All around, BLACK WEEDS undulate eerily. He drifts, then the black weeds...
Come apart. Not weeds. Water demons (GRINDYLOWS).
Fangs bared, they SWARM. Harry reaches for the wand lashed to his ankle, but his webbed fingers fumble it. The wand tumbles in a rolling cloud of bubbles. A Grindylow reaches for it, when... Harry SNATCHES it away.

a jet of fiery red bubbles rockets from the tip of the wand and strikes the grindylow dead in the ches, leaving a scarlet welt. howling in a gargled rage, it corkscrews away.
wheeling, harry fires blindly at the approaching mob. the nearest pair peel off in opposite directions, avoiding the blast, and the one behind takes it between the eyes. as it floats away, cross-eyed and confused...
harry wheels again and again, sending jolt after jolt of fiery red bubbles at the attacking grindylows. again and again, they corkscrew away, dazed and defeated. finally...
none remain. harry studies the rippling currents, sure he's vanquished them all, when... one more grindylow emerges from the shadows. then another. and another. and more still... until harry finds himself surrounded.
wand poised, harry waits warily, the water demons twitching menacingly. then, as one, the grindylows raise their tiny fists, shake them angrily and... dart up and away. harry watches them vanish like ink above him, then...
the curious silver light flickers across his eyes, he turns, finds the mermaid drifting dreamily. as she darts off, harry darts after, and the siren's song is heard:
harry follows the mermaid into a clearing... and stops
lashed to a craggy rock, four people drift eerily, eyes closed, bubbles trailing like pearls from their mouths: gabrielle delacour. cho chang. hermione. ron.
harry swims forward, tugs at the ropey vines that bind them. they are strong, thick. harry glances at the mermaid, but her unblinking eyes regard him impassively through her veil of hair. deciding, harry takes his wand.
a fireball jets forth. as the bubbles clear, the vine appears blackened, but a red welt glows angrily below ron's elbow, where the fireball hit. slipping his wand into the back of his waistband, he glances about, spies...
. a jagged rock. snatching it up, he return to ron, hacks at the vine. in three quick blows, ron's body floats free.
harry moves to hermione, but as he poises the rock, the mermaid swoops between and shakes her head.
the mermaid merely shakes her head.
just then, the hair tumbles from the mermaid's mouth and an ugly snarling mouth is revealed. as harry rears back...
cedric swims out of the shadows, his face mutating oddly in the translucent membrane quivering eerily around his head. slipping a knife from his waistband, he frees cho with a flick of the blade, then glances at harry and taps his wrist   time's running out. as he starts up...
... krum appears, his blunt features twisted into the face of a shark. as his monstrous craw opens, glittering dangerously over the vines binding hermione, harry rushes forward and...
strikes him directly on the snout. as krum's eyes bulge angrily, harry hacks hermione free, sets her adrift. krum glances at him curiously, then swims away.
harry grabs ron by the collar, starts to swim up, then looks back. gabrielle remains, drifting dreamily. harry frowns. the deep slits on his neck are closing. he raises a hand. the webs spanning his fingers are thinning. lowering his hand, he finds... the mermaid, regarding him coolly.
harry lets ron float from his grasp, drops his hand behind his back and brings his wand slashing forward:
a jet of fire rockets toward the mermaid and harry kicks toward gabrielle, scoops up the rock and, with a single blow, frees her. the mermaid shrieks horribly as... harry loops one arm under gabrielle, the other under ron, and starts up.
harry strains mightily, the gills on his neck nearly gone, his feet no longer like flippers...
the skin between harry's fingers vanishes. the flesh on his neck grows smooth. his face contorts with pain as he gropes toward the light shimmering above and...

92: EXT. BLACK LAKE
...breaks the surface, gulps for air. Ron spews a mouthful of black water, grimaces. Gabrielle COUGHS.

fleur, even more fetching in anguish, pulls her sister from the water, embraces her. as harry pulls himself up, fleur places her hands on his face and kisses him on both cheeks. as he pulls away, harry notices cho watching.
fleur swoops. hands. face. kiss. kiss. then, gathering gabrielle, she glides away. ron blinks, exhales softly:
as harry snatches up a towel, neville pelts forward, flings his arms around him.
harry continues an, notices cho eying him. so does hermione.
karkaroff spits, stalks away, taking krum with him.

93: INT. LAKE SHORE - DAY (MINUTES LATER)
As Harry's boat glides into the spongy bank, he disembarks, begins to move off when:

crouch turns, eyes searching moody's leathered face intensely. moody's smile withers, tongue probing the corner of his mouth uncertainly. then, something like fear glitters in crouch's eyes and he moves off.
abruptly, moody turns to harry, his voice like ice.
moody whips his flask from his pocket and exits, leaving harry standing stunned.

94: EXT. WOODS ABOVE HAGRID'S HUT - DUSK
We are HIGH UP. The crowd is nowhere to be seen now, but FARAWAY SHOUTS still sound, along with sloppy SNATCHES OF the HOGWARTS' Anthem. In the distance, the windows of Hagrid's Hut reflect the waning sun as Hermione, Ron and Neville trail Hagrid himself through the trees. Harry walks alone, some distance ahead.

he smiles softly at the sound of his friends' cheerful voices and the gentle evening breeze, then... winces. grabs his scar. through the trees ahead, the reddening sky shimmers like blood. dropping his gaze, he spies something dark lying in the brush. the trunk of a fallen tree. or a pile of wood. or... the body of a man.
harry stands frozen, unmoving, the wind gently tossing his hair. a distant peal of laughter   ron's   drifts to him from somewhere far behind. the man is barty crouch.

95: INT. COMMON ROOM - NIGHT
Beyond the window, deep in the distance, a GROUP of TEACHERS -- eerily illuminated by the TORCH Hagrid clutches -- stand in a dark circle at the site of Crouch's body. Slowly, CAMERA PULLS BACK, REVEALS Harry, watching.
He glances to the fireplace, the guttering flames reminiscent of the night Sirius appeared, then turns back to the window, absently reaching up and trailing his fingers over his scar.

his eyes shift, see hermione's face reflected in the glass.

96: EXT. CORRIDOR/DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - DAY
Harry approaches Dumbledore's office, hears VOICES within.

the door swings aside, revealing dumbledore, fudge and moody, magical eye bristling. fudge puts on his best face.
as dumbledore leads the others out, moody glances back at harry, then the door closes. as the clunk of moody's wooden leg grows faint, harry glances idly at the old headmasters & mistresses snoozing in their frames, then nods to the phoenix watching him blankly from across the room.
fawkes remains mute. harry eyes the bowl of snaps, reaches out and   chit-chit-chit!   watches in horror as the candies swarm his hand, tiny black teeth nipping his knuckles.
harry leaps back, bumps hard into an ebony cabinet, and flicks the last few tenacious snaps to the floor, as they scurry under the furniture...
... a silvery light dances upon harry's forehead. turning, harry watches the cabinet glide slooowly open. he lifts his hand, letting the light play on his fingertips as steps to the cabinet and peers within, discovering...
the stone basin. harry stares at the cloud-like substance whirling within, begins to reach out,	then opts to pass his wand over the bowl instead. the liquid trembles. as harry leans down for a closer look...
... the ripples go still and far beyond the surface, an enormous chamber comes into focus, where benches rise in steep tiers and dozens of witches and wizards sit facing a single empty chair. harry leans closer and...
... the tip of his nose breaks the surface. whoosh! the walls of dumbledore's office dissolve like smoke and harry pitches forward into the churning whirlpool they create, landing...

97: INT. TRIAL CHAMBER/PENSIEVE - DAY
... heavily onto one of the tiered benches. He glances up. There is no ceiling, only a trembling MEMBRANE of LIGHT. Harry turns to the wizard next to him: Dumbledore.

dumbledore stares placidly ahead. harry passe a hand before his face. nothing. across the eerily quiet chamber, rita skeeter runs an emery board over her razor-sharp nails.
suddenly a huge clanging fills the chamber and an iron cage rises through the floor. a man stands blinking within. thin. feral. it is... karkaroff. all vanity is gone.
barty crouch rises then, but this crouch radiates power. quill in hand, he steps to a podium and, making notations in red ink on a piece of parchment, speaks with rote command, clearly having done it dozens of times previously:
karkaroff squirms, twitching, eying the other wizards. suddenly hesitant. crouch continues to scribble.
harry turns, discovers moody sitting on the other side of dumbledore. his nose is raw from recent injury.
karkaroff lowers his head in defeat, then, slowly his raccoon eyes rise, fix on the scribbling crouch.
rita skeeter's emery board ceases its seesaw. her eyes rise.
a murmur ripples through the chamber.
a maelstrom of outrage consumes the chamber. rita skeeter's lips curl gleefully. crouch's quill stutters to a halt, bleeds into the skin of the parchment. and...
... a second cage rockets through the floor, bringing with it a skinny, straw-haired young man (barty crouch jr.). he leers up at the podium, tongue probing the corner of his mouth as malice dances in his dark eyes.
as the chamber explodes once more, harry leans forward, squinting at the young man, so strangely familiar. slowly the chamber grows silent, all eyes on the elder crouch.
once again, chaos ensues, then:
harry wheels: a "second" dumbledore sits to his left.
the "second" dumbledore extends his hand. as if in a trance, harry complies. as their fingers touch, the walls of the chamber turn to smoke, as does the bench upon which harry sits. he falls backwards, tumbling...

98: INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - DAY
...onto his feet. Dumbledore stands there.

dumbledore sets his wand to his temple and extracts a glistening thread, deposits into the pensieve.
dumbledore studies harry, as if debating something, then:
dumbledore nods, considers the swirling pensieve.
dumbledore pauses, wrinkled eyes peering into the bowl. slowly he extracts a thread, pitches it in.
dumbledore says nothing for a moment, face swirling in the reflected light of the pensieve, then turns.
harry simply stares, mute, then turns to exit. stops.

99: INT. PORTRAIT CORRIDOR - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)
Harry walks, consumed with his own thoughts, when he hears VOICES, sees twin silhouettes glimmering at the end of the corridor: Snape and Karkaroff. Karkaroff's left arm is extended, sleeve pushed past his elbow. As he reaches for Snape's arm, they see Harry. Instantly, Karkaroff drops his sleeve and exits. Harry starts to turn away, when...

harry stops, watches snape stride forth.
snape holds up a tiny crystal vial.
with that, snape turns on his heel and exits. just then, beyond the window, karkaroff appears, crossing the courtyard below. camera racks focus on harry's reflection...

100: EXT. WOODEN BRIDGE
Ron and Hermione stand on one side of the bridge, while Harry stands on the other.

harry looks into the distance, sees neville, nose buried in a herbology book, walking across the grounds.

101: EXT. OWLERY - DAY


102: INT. OWLERY - DAY
As the WIND WHISTLES through the CREAKING CROSSBEAMS, Harry finishes combing Hedwig and sets her in a nesting slot. He considers the TRIO of BLOOD DROPS on the FEATHER-STREWN floor, then peers out the window. On the Quidditch Pitch, the WALLS of a MAZE now stand, nearly twenty feet high.


103: EXT. MAZE - DUSK
Outside THE maze. Sunset.
The contestants are gathered, each at a separate entrance. Each is accompanied by a handler -- KARKAROFF for KRUM, MADAME MAXINE for FLEUR, AMOS DIGGOR for CEDRIC. All are nervous.
Krum is standing, his head lowered like an ox, face blank. Karkaroff whispers urgently in his ear.
Maxine, accompanied by Gabrielle, is massaging scented oils into a subdued FLEUR. Amos Diggory is instructing and practicing useful spells with CEDRIC.
The air is full of tension, the crowd subdued.
HARRY stands alone. He looks through the nearest entrance and sees the long threatening tunnel of the Maze's first alley stretching away from him, high and full of shadows.
MOODY limps over to HARRY, roughly squeezes his shoulder.
Throughout the above, Dumbledore ADDRESSES THE CROWD:

the crowd roars.
blam! filch fires the cannon and the champions disappear into the maze through their separate entrances.

104: INT. MAZE - HARRY
HARRY enters the Maze, a tiny figure. The high walls lean over him. It is utterly still and silent.
HARRY looks back at Moody. Rustling, the Maze closes up.
HARRY moves forward, Hedges tremble with the wind. A sound. HARRY turns sharply, looks behind. Nothing. Continues. A crossroads. Each alley short, leading to others. He chooses.


105: EXT. MAZE - DUSK
A WIDE SHOT of the Maze. It darkens as we watch. Mist gathers ominously.


106: INT. MAZE - NIGHT
Inside the Maze, the mist settles round Harry. Shifts in a fitful breeze.
Harry begins to hurry and then, as the RUSTLING continues, breaks into a trot. Then, spooked by the swirling mist, he runs, turns a corner and is gone. The mist thickens.
Another part of the Maze. A high view. Coming towards us, a tiny point of light. The sound of the HEDGE RUSTLING and shifting. We descend, find a fearful FLEUR. She moves on.
Through the hedge we see a pin prick of wand light. It's moving fast, purposefully. We TRACK WITH it THROUGH the foliage, see KRUM, his face fixed, possessed. He looks as if he's hunting, trying to scent the prey.
We CRANE UP and OVER TO the next alley, FIND Cedric coming TOWARDS us, wand lit. He comes to a junction and stops, looking about, uncertain. The hedge sways, gently, slowly, contorting. CEDRIC's face, uncertain, spooked. The CAMERA MOVES IN ON him to EXTREME CLOSEUP.
We TRACK BACK WITH FLEUR frightened, looking around behind her as she moves tentatively to a crossroads. The CAMERA GYRATES around her. She's uncertain which way to go. The mist swirls and the hedge warps. Suddenly we're behind her, seeing her in the distance, as though stalking her. The CAMERA STARTS SPRINTING TOWARDS Fleur. The sound of BREATHING. Fleur turns, WHITE LIGHT ON her face. She screams in horror.
HARRY, HIGH, WIDE, hears the SCREAM and runs towards it.
As the hedge whips past. He sees a figure moving towards him.
As he comes opposite, HARRY stops. The figure stops, looks -- KRUM, panting and eyes wild. The boys are at a crossroads. Krum stares at HARRY, his brain obviously racing. Then, with no word of greeting, he abruptly turns down an alley and is gone.
HARRY is uncertain whether to follow Krum. Decides to keep going. He approaches a crossroads, rounds a corner gingerly. Finds Fleur, motionless on the ground. He kneels, takes her wand in his hand and...


107: EXT. MAZE - AN ENORMOUS WIDE SHOT
of the Maze with the castle in the b.g. The last of the daylight. Red sparks, the distress call, SHOOT UP. The MAZE GROANS and is seized by a slow CONVULSION. Then stillness again.


108: INT. MAZE - NIGHT
Harry, freaked, takes off. Behind him the Maze envelops FLEUR.
OVER HARRY as he runs, turning corner after corner into short corridor after short corridor. Again and again he looks over his shoulder anxiously.
The sound of the RUSTLING MAZE seems to be increasing. We see alley after alley, choked with mist, undulating, restless.
HARRY reaches a crossroads and looks behind once more. Turns forward and crashes into something -- CEDRIC. They both YELL. CEDRIC takes off and HARRY follows. But CEDRIC is faster and before long the wand light that surrounds CEDRIC disappears.
HARRY slows down. Breathless. He is in a long corridor. The sound of the HEDGE increases. Ahead, the end of the corridor seems to be drawing nearer. HARRY pauses. Is he imagining things? Disorientated? He turns back. But the Maze seems to be folding in behind him. He is going to be crushed. He sees a gap ahead and races towards it. The hedge begins to close. He hurls himself forward, slipping through the gap just as the hedge closes. He turns. Sees the cup far ahead.
A bolt of LIGHT rockets past him, singeing the side of his head. He turns to see KRUM readying his wand for a second shot. Krum jukes left and right, trying to see past Harry.

harry ducks. krum's spell sizzles past his ear. cedric points his wand at krum.
cedric's bolt surges past harry and bursts onto krum, who collapses to the ground wide-eyed and frozen. cedric and harry approach krum.
harry and cedric turn, stare at the cup in the distance. they pause. glance at one another. then, without a word, they sprint for the prize, fiercely competitive. the camera races with them. cedric begins to draw ahead when a root twists up out of the hedge and snags his ankle. he kicks it away, but is rapidly enveloped by the hedge. he falls heavily and harry overtakes him. then harry looks back and sees cedric suffocating, choked by the foliage.
harry stops, torn between ambition and duty   the cup or cedric. deciding, he dashes back. cedric is almost consumed. harry takes his wand, blasting and kicking and pulling at the snaking branches. finally, he manages to haul cedric free. they stand panting, barely able to speak.
harry glances at the cup, glittering brilliantly.
cedric eyes harry incredulously. harry nods. just then, the hedge vibrates violently and begins to close in. turning, harry and cedric as one, sprint for the cup, the hedge closing behind them, growing narrower and narrower.
just before the hedge closes completely, they pitch themselves forward, grab a handle and...
whoosh!
the ground beneath their feet lurches, the sky shudders, spinning independent of the earth. a wind rises in a howl and harry squints, everything becoming a blur, until...

109: EXT. GRAVEYARD - LITTLE HANGLETON - NIGHT
he and Cedric land heavily in a MISTY graveyard. The Cup flies free, skittering over the chill ground as the sky rotates... slowly... to a... stop. Harry peers through the mist. Sees a distant hill. An old manor. A gardener's cottage.

diggory studies harry curiously, when   hiss!   several yards away, a large stone cauldron sputters. as cedric approaches it, we cut behind, watch cedric's distorted face come into view as if in a dream.
harry is moving too. the camera glides   harry's pov   and reveals a headstone, the name engraved: tom riddle
harry stops cold.
the word becomes a scream as harry drops to his knees, clutches his scar in agony.
cedric follows harry's gaze. a figure, slump-shouldered and clutching an oily bundle, approaches through the tombstones.
the figure emerges from the mist: wormtail. the bundle stirs.
a flash of green bleaches the graveyard. cedric hits the ground, wand tumbling from his spasming hand. harry reaches out, touches the wand and watches it crumble like ash over his fingers. cedric's pupils dilate... go still.
wormtail jerks harry off his knees and tosses him against the statuary fronting tom riddle's headstone.
stone hands fold over harry's arms imprisonig him. the cauldron crackles hungrily.
wormtail hesitates. the bundle twitches.
the swaddling falls away and something pale and misshapen drops heavily into the roiling potion. wormtail raises his trembling wand.
the earth below harry ruptures, dust drifting through his fingers like smoke as it trails into the cauldron.
wormtail extends his right hand, raises the dagger in his left and harry shuts his eyes. chop!   a sickening splash poisons the air. wormtail shrieks. we hold on harry. slowly a shadow falls over him.
harry's eyes snap open. wormtail sways over him, face creased in pain, dagger trembling in his fingers. harry struggles frantically, but he's trapped. swit! the dagger pierces the flesh of harry's forearm. blood flows onto the blade.
wormtail tips the blade over the smoking cauldron. harry watches in horror as a droplet of his blood rolls thickly down the blade... falls into the cauldron.
the cauldron rages. the sky goes white. wind howls. tendrils of smoke, black as ink, rise from the cauldron. a shadow emerges   as if made of smoke itself   then transforms, smoke turning to skin. harry stares in disbelief.
voldemort. voldemort studies his hands   flesh, blood and bone   with feral delight. exultant.
wormtail shuffles forward, hands voldemort a gleaming wand.
wormtail whimpers gratefully, lifts his bleeding stump.
wormtail's smile withers. grimly, he obliges. a skull glows on the pale flesh of his forearm, a serpent protruding from its mouth. voldemort grins, reaches out and... touches it.
at once, a howling wind tosses the trees. the air sizzles with the snap of cloaks. then, one by one, dark-clad wizards apparate into view, encircling voldemort.
a tremor of apprehension runs through the death eaters.
instantly a death eater drops to the dust, pitches himself upon the hem of voldemort's robes.
with astonishing speed, voldemort flashes his wand and the death eater shrieks, writhing on the ground. voldemort's snake-like eyes glitter with pleasure, then he gives another flick of his wand and the death eater's body goes limp.
voldemort pauses before a wizard wearing a serpent's ring.
tense silence hangs in the air. then a whimpering voice:
wormtail peers up, watches voldemort extend the tip of his wand and, with the subtlest of motions, conjure a gleaming silver hand from the tragedy of his mangled wrist.
wormtail nods in mute fear. voldemort grins.
voldemort puts his boot to cedric's face, rolls his stricken eyes to the light, clucks his tongue.
voldemort's eyes snap to harry, narrowing with violence, then... soften.
voldemort gives cedric's face a last, harsh nudge with his boot   the only indication of anger   then slowly begins to circle towards harry.
voldemort grins eerily as he addresses the death eaters.
voldemort stops before harry, eyes glittering with fascination as he studies him, his voice a whisper:
voldemort presses the tip of his long white finger to harry's lightning scar and harry gasps in pain.
voldemort studies him with an odd detachment.
the stone hands separate and harry falls forward. wormtail shuffles forward and, grinning sadistically, extends his gleaming hand, returns harry's wand.
harry says nothing, fighting to steady his wannd.
voldemort bends slightly, then... frowns.
harry winces, feels his spine curve.
voldemort wheels, flashes his wand. instantly, flies back through the air and hits the ground ten feet back.
harry twists in pain. voldemort studies him eyes narrowed, face dispassionate   then gives a sharp flick of his wand, ending the curse. harry goes limp, chest heaving, then... puts his fists to the ground, pushes himself to his feet.
instantly, harry wheels, fires an angry rope of red light at voldemort. with shocking ease, voldemort deflect it, then returns the favor, sending harry flying back once more. as harry hits the ground, he stares up at the stars, chest heaving in agony, wand hand trembling.
voldemort's eyes glitter savagely as he snaps his wand upward, bringing harry to his feet.
as voldemort raises his wand, harry staggers away, behind a tree. instantly, the broadest limb explodes	and harry stumbles away, weaving drunkenly through the tombstones as he heads directly toward us.
harry stops, wand hanging limply at his side.
as harry spins, the flicker of a grin creases voldemort's face and his wand rises with harry's:
a jet of green light bursts from voldemort's wand as a jet of red bursts from harry's... and unite... in a shimmering thread of gold. harry's wand vibrates fiercely in his fist. voldemort's eyes glitter in angry astonishment.
beads of light bubble to the surface of the thread and begin to slide in harry's direction. face creased in concentration, harry sends the beads the other way, toward voldemort.
the death eaters stir. a few draw their wands.
blisters rise on the surface of harry's hand where he grips his wand, the muscles of his forearm twitching. blood seeps from the jagged cut below his elbow. and then   as one of the beads quivers at the tip of voldemort's wand   harry narrows his eyes savagely. voldemort's eyes flash with fear...
and the bead connects.
a great wailing scream echoes over the graveyard and a white flash envelops all as smoke drifts from the tip of voldemort's wand and expands... taking shape.. becoming...
cedric.
startled, harry nearly sacrifices the grip on his wand, when another flash envelops the graveyard and.
frank bryce, the old caretaker emerges...
instantly, there is another flash and twin streams of smoke furl forth. harry's fingers tremble, his eyes welling with tears as he watches...
... his mother and father appear (james & lily potter), flickering before him like ghosts...
harry nods, tears streaming down his face. cedric steps up.
harry nods again. his mother places her hand upon his own.
and he does, breaking the golden thread with an almighty wrench of his wand. instantly, lily, james, bryce and cedric anatomize into smoke and voldemort screams in fury. as the smoke envelops the death eaters, harry pelts through the shifting ash and flings himself atop cedric's body.
as the cup soars through the air into harry's outstretched hand, the death eaters' blasts coalesce in an shower of scarlet light. when the sparks clear... harry and cedric are gone. instantly, we: the grassy ground rushing wildly up towards us

110: EXT. MAZE - NIGHT
... as Harry hits the earth with a massive THUD, BLOOD SPRAYING from his nose from the impact, arm still slung tight over Cedric. The Triwizard Cup goes bounding SILENTLY away, as if in a dream, and then... a RUSH of SOUND engulfs Harry as SCREAMS RISE from the STANDS. As Harry rolls over, the star-strewn sky cycles dizzily into view and... Dumbledore.

dumbledore's eyes darken, when...
gently, dumbledore places his hand atop harry's, tries to prise it from diggory's chest. when harry resists, dumbledore leans down, whispers softly into his ear and   as if by magic   the clatter of the crowd is, for this moment, muted.
harry looks into dumbledore's eyes. slowly, his hand relaxes and the clamor of the crowd returns.
rita skeeter appears, eyes fluttering with astonishment, then hardening with the feral glint of opportunity.
diggory pushes through the crowd and... staggers, rising, dumbledore moves to support him.
diggory's face collapses horribly-. a breath escapes harry   as if he had been holding something in   and tears invade his eyes. suddenly, he is flying   upward   onto his feet.
as moody jerks him away, the world behind swims like a watercolor: karkaroft, stopping dead at the sight of cedric, absently playing his fingers over the inside of his left arm... amos diggory wailing like a wounded animal then dropping, keening over his son's body... cho, standing frozen, tears streaming down her horro-stricken face... and hermione and ron, fighting their way through the teeming crowd, unable to reach harry, the madness too thick...

111: INT. MOODY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
Moody leads Harry inside, SLAMS SHUT the DOOR and deposits Harry an the HUGE TRUNK. His tongue flinks excitedly over his lower lip as he steps back, eyes Harry.

harry nods vaguely, glancing around.
harry starts to reply, when the trunk beneath him rattles. he glances at his hands, palms down on the lid. moody, strangely impatient, brings him round with his sharp tone:
what happened after? when you got to the graveyard.
moody stiffens, tongue trailing slooowly over lip.
moody says nothing. the trunk beneath harry rattles again.
moody seethes, glaring at harry and something odd happens to his face, a kind of transformation... almost as if another face were struggling to push through. he reaches into his robes for his wand, but harry doesn't flinch, instead nodding to the foe glass...
moody turns, sees three shadows growing large in the glass, the whites of their eyes flashing. moody wheels, wand at the ready, when the door bursts open and sends him flying back. in the doorway stands dumbledore, wand clutched in his fist, mcgonagall and snape at his side. dumbledore's eyes burn with a cold fury.
dumbledore gives a simple bob of his wand. instantly, moody rises from the floor and drops roughly into a chair.
snape reaches into his cloak, removes the tiny vial of veritaserum. gripping moody by the hair, dumbledore jerks his head back and tips the contents of the vial onto his tongue. moody makes to spit, then his face slackens.
harry watches dumbledore's eyes begin to search the room.
moody nods, absently reaching into his robes...
moody nods. dumbledore's gaze passes over... then returns to... the massive trunk. his fingers close over the flask rising in moody's hand.
snaps raises his wand and   flash!   destroy the seven locks which secure the trunk. as the lid yawns open, harry peers inside. deep within, impossibly deep, an old man lies naked upon the floor of a stone encloser.
dumbledore tosses harry the flask. harry unscrews the top.
snaps and harry exchange a look. then... squreek! the arms of the chair splinter under the man's spasming fingers and he begins to... mutate... into a younger man, scarred skin turning smooth, gray hair shifting, becoming the color of straw.
he grins at harry, pulls back his sleeve: the dark mark.
harry eyes dumbledore uncertainly, then compiles.
as dumbledore examines harry's cut, his eyes gleam   ever so briefly   with something akin to triumph. abruptly he turns.

112: INT. GARGOYLE CORRIDOR - NIGHT
Harry strides alongside Dumbledore, whose eyes flash darkly, a vigor to his gait.

dumbledore glances at harry's battered face, smiles faintly. just then... rita skeeter flits into view.

113: INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)
Dumbledore yanks open the cabinet, peers into the Pensieve.

harry nods, then... speaks quietly.
harry looks at dumbledore curiously.
harry glances over at the regal phoenix.
voldemort pulls a long silver strand from his temple, drops it into the pensieve and turns.

114: EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY


115: INT. GREAT HALL - DAY
The customary colors of the four Houses are nowhere in evidence. Instead, the Hall is draped in BLACK BANNERS. Harry, Ron and Hermione sit solemnly among their fellow Gryffindors as Dumbledore addresses the tables.

his eyes drift to an empty seat at the hufflepuff table.
as dumbledore continues, harry's eyes drift. cho, ashen and pale, sits numbly, fleur gently clutching her hand. krum sits stoicly then, catching harry's eye, nods.
harry's eyes drift to the enchanted ceiling, where the sky shines blue...
camera drops from the blue sky...

116: EXT. OWLERY - DAY
... to the Owlery, etched like a scarecrow on the horizon.


117: INT./EXT. OWLERY - SAME TIME - DAY
Harry sits with Hedwig, hair tossing lightly in the wind. He eyes the THREE DROPS OF BLOOD on the plank	floor, then peers out the window, where the EMPTY MAZE stands like a desolate ruin. After a moment, a DISTANT VOICE CALLS OUT:

he glances out the opposite window, to the grounds beyond and and below, sees ron and hermione approaching. he takes a last look toward the maze, then sets hedwig free. we follow her into the sky, watching her glide gracefully, then...

118: EXT. GROUNDS/OWLERY - DAY
... CRANE DOWN BEHIND Harry, Ron and Hermione as they walk toward the castle.

her voice falters. then:
they grow smaller...
harry and ron fall in then, arms laced over hermione, three becoming one as the camera rises, leaving them behind for the sky once more. clouds lurk in	the distance. a storm waits.