THE ROOMMATE
Written by
Sonny Mallhi
Revision by
Frank Baldwin
April 9, 2009

0: INT. COLLEGE DORM ROOM - DAY
Sunlight pours through the window of an empty, silent dorm room. The room seems alive, somehow. As if it's waiting patiently for this year's kids. A long beat. The room darkens for an instant. Just the sun, right, dipping behind a cloud? Maybe.

1: INT. DORM HALLWAY - DAY
OVER CREDITS, we PAN DOWN a hallway full of COLLEGE KIDS. They carry boxes, stereo speakers, stand around chatting.

2: EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY
SARA MATTHEWS, 18, gets out of a taxi in front of a dorm. She's pretty, with optimistic eyes and brown hair cut just above her shoulders. She's dressed casually, but still chic. No parents. She carries a backpack on one shoulder, a duffle bag on the other, and a huge suitcase in her hand. And she's staring through the building's window at... Newly-minted COLLEGE STUDENTS milling about inside. Their parents in tow, pride and sadness mingled in their faces.

3: INT. DORM LOBBY - DAY
Sara walks to the registration table. A RESIDENT ASSISTANT smiles up at her.
She looks her up in the computer. She plays with a simple silver chain around her neck.
She says it nicely, but it still stings. Sara smiles gamely.
She hands Sara a room key. She fingers it, smiling.

4: INT. DORM HALLWAY - DAY
ELEVATOR DOORS OPEN ON Sara as she... Pushes an ancient, flat-bed cart out of the elevator and down the hall, struggling to control its wobbly wheels. She bumps into other carts, but everyone just laughs it off. Sara stops in front of Room 316.

5: INT. DORM DOORWAY - DAY
She opens the door and looks in on: A run-of-the-mill freshman dorm room. Tiny; bathroom down the hall; twin beds. Heaven. Sara steps in. She looks at the two empty beds. Big choice here. She drops her stuff on the bed by the window. She sits down on it. A beat. I'm really here. First things first   Sara takes a framed picture out of her duffle bag and sets it on the dresser. It's a picture of a YOUNG GIRL, maybe ten. She looks a little like Sara. Sara hauls a white, Styrofoam DESIGN MANNEQUIN off the cart. It's full of pin and chalk marks. She sets it by her bed.
She steps back to the doorway. As she hauls her suitcase off the cart... BOOM! Another cart slams into hers. A box tumbles off the other cart.
Sara kneels to help the other girl   cute, frizzy hair   clean up the mess. A slew of clothes lie on the carpet. And peeking out from under them... a bottle of vodka. The girl smiles sheepishly.
Balancing boxes, they manage to shake hands.

6: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - DAY
A gorgeous fall day. Sara strolls across the quad, taking it all in. Kids tossing frisbees... hacky-sacking... sunning on the grass. Music pours out of speakers mounted in dorm windows.

7: EXT. CAMPUS COFFEE SHOP - DAY
Sara's cell phone buzzes. She answers it.
Sara stops in front of the campus coffee shop. She eyes a work/study ad on the wall.
She tears a tab off the flyer.

8: EXT. COLLEGE DORM - NIGHT
Establishing shot of Carnegie, a solid red-brick dorm.

9: INT. SARA'S ROOM - NIGHT
Sara's half-settled in now. The wall beside her bed is peppered with fashion pages ripped out of Vogue and In Style. She sits in a lounge chair, paging through a Vanity Fair photo shoot. She spots a cool outfit and tears out the page. A KNOCK ON THE DOOR. Sara walks over. She opens it expectantly to see...
Tracy, Tracy's roommate KIM, and two other HALLMATES. All dressed to party.
Groans all around. "Come on"... "Lame-O"... Sara bites her lip, considering. She smiles.
The girls cheer.

10: EXT. PSI U. FRATERNITY HOUSE - NIGHT
Establishing shot of a proud frat house. Students piled on a giant porch and there's a long line going up the steps to the front door. Music blasts out of the windows.

11: INT. PSI U. FRAT HOUSE - NIGHT
Sara, Tracy, Kim and the others from the floor are at the head of the line, stepping into the house. They're met by a FRAT BOUNCER.
He holds up a handful of ugly lime-green wristbands. Kim steps around him.
Tracy looks at her, mouth agape.
He points to a table with a giant bowl and cups. No one is around it. Tracy tries to flirt with the bouncer.
The bouncer is tempted but not budging.
They'll kick me out. She stomps by him.
Defeated, Tracy walks over to the table. Turns back to Sara.
Tracy huffs as Sara walks into A SEA OF KIDS. We're talking extreme fire hazard... extreme moral hazard. Sara moves through the crowd. Her clothes are low-wattage, but stylish. She's drawn to the music coming from a large room. A HIGH-ENERGY COLLEGE BAND on stage. They're not very good, but they don't care. Sara finds a spot along the wall and watches them. In particular   THE DRUMMER. A cute goof, spastically whaling away. He's mouthing the lyrics, eyes closed. Really into it. Sara chuckles at the sight, not taking her eyes off him. He definitely stands out. Suddenly, a hand grabs her shoulder. Tracy pulls herself in with Kim close behind and they start dancing to the band. Juice spilling over the brim of her cup. Sara stays by the wall, afraid of getting any spilled on her.
Tracy pulls Sara deeper in the crowd. Now all three start jumping up and down to the music. Sara's getting into it as Tracy chugs her drink.

12: INT. FRAT HOUSE - DANCE FLOOR - LATER
A DJ rules the room now. Sara and Kim are dancing with others from the floor. Sara notices a speck of punch on her shirt. She stops dancing. Wets her fingers and tries to rub it out.
Kim still dances as Sara starts to look around.
Sara then spots Tracy, with a full cup, precariously climbing onto the stage next to the DJ's table with a bunch of other girls already dancing. She starts dancing suggestively, egging on the crowd.
Guys yell out. "Show em." Several hands armed with camera phones stretch out above the crowd.
Tracy can't hear her. Sara starts making her way to the stage. Tracy is dancing, getting into it. She grabs the bottom of her shirt. Teases the crowd.
Sara slams into STEPHEN, 21, the DRUMMER from the band... who inadvertently dumps his whole beer down her shirt. Sara gasps.
Sara's drenched as an enormous cheer erupts from the crowd. Camera phones clicking all at once. Sara looks up.
She turns.
Sara turns back towards him.
She looks at him. Pretty good looking. Goofy smile. It's hard to be mad at him. She then grabs a beer out of a dancing partier's hand and dumps it on Stephen.
He laughs, making her smile.
Stephen grins conspiratorially and grabs her hand.

13: INT. FRAT HOUSE - BAR
Stephen, now with a full beer watches as Sara sips some of the punch.
She drinks some more.
He takes a drink of his beer as Sara takes a long chug of hers.

14: INT. FRAT HOUSE - DANCE FLOOR: SOME TIME LATER
Stephen and Sara are dancing. She's holding her cup. Drinking, bumping into a couple of people. Stephen laughs, grabs her hand, pulling her back towards him and TWIRLS her, bringing her close. She notices, for the first time, that he's not wearing a wristband and grabs his wrist with her other hand.
They don't move for a moment, Sara's resting her back against his chest.
He jokingly untwirls her away and she bumps into people behind her. Sara laughs as she notices Kim, dancing, Holding up a cup of punch.
Kim shrugs.
Kim goes back to dancing Sara looks a little worried which Stephen notices.
Sara looks at him sweetly. Nods.

15: INT. STAIRCASE
They spot Tracy propped up against the railing at the bottom of the stairs. Sara rushes over to her. A couple frat boys stand over her. Not sure what to do with her.
She struggles to hold Tracy up   the girl's heavier than she looks and Sara's balance is not so great, herself. The frat boys notice her struggling.
Tracy nearly brings Sara down to the floor... But Stephen's there to catch her.
But then he stumbles, nearly dropping them both.
Stephen looks at Tracy in one arm. The other arm around Sara's waist.
Sara rolls her eyes.

16: INT. CARNEGIE DORM - NIGHT
Sara, Stephen, and Tracy stumble into the dorm lobby. Sara wears a jacket Stephen gave her for the walk. Kim and ANOTHER GIRL step forward and grab Tracy.
They linger, smiling, checking out Stephen... They step into the elevator. Holding it for Sara.
Sara turns and glares at Kim. An obvious "NO!" Kim lets the doors close as Sara turns back to Stephen.
Sara leans in and gives him a long kiss. Then separates, but her lips still very close to his.
She laughs out loud.
Sara starts to take off Stephen's jacket. He stops her.
He smiles... and walks away into the night. Sara looks after him... and now it's her turn to take a deep breath which suddenly makes her a little more queasy.

17: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT
Sara heads for her room, holding onto the wall as she goes. She reaches her door. She takes one more deep breath, then opens it.

18: INT. ROOM 316 - NIGHT
Sara closes the door behind her. Almost pitch black; just a little moonlight through the window. Sara knocks into her lounge chair.
She reaches her bed and plops down on her back. Breathing hard. Clenching her eyes shut. The room is spinning. She may puke at any second. She struggles to sit up. She fumbles for the lamp next to her bed, almost knocking it over. She hits the switch, revealing: The other bed. Sara screams.
FLASH. The girl takes her picture, further blinding and disorienting Sara.
Sara calms, catching on.
Rebecca shrugs. Sara grabs her stomach.
Her cheeks chipmunk as she rushes out the door. Rebecca smiles.

19: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT: LATER
Sara gingerly walks out of the bathroom back to her room, holding her head. The door is slightly open.

20: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
It's dark. Rebecca's covers are pulled up to her neck. Her eyes are closed.
No answer. Sara makes it back to her bed. She falls onto it, and turns toward the wall. Rebecca's eyes open. And they stay open. She watches Sara go to sleep.

21: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - DAY
It's the middle of the day and students carry their books everywhere.

22: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
Sara wakes. Headache; dry mouth; the works. The sun through the window is way too bright. She slowly turns over to see... Rebecca, up and about, arranging her side of the room. In the light of day, we see that she's a knockout. Mellow music plays through top-of-the line speakers that flank an awesome stereo system. Rebecca sees that Sara's awake.
Sara stares at her blankly. Who is this girl? What happened last night? Rebecca smiles.
She hands Sara a glass of water and two aspirin.
Sara washes down the aspirin.
Rebecca smiles, genuinely touched.
Sara looks around the room. Her lounge chair has been moved to her side. Rebecca starts to tape drawings to the wall.. .They're various self-portraits of Rebecca. Sara looks at one where Rebecca is staring straight back at us. No smile.
Rebecca nods.
A beat. Sara closes her eyes. Bits and pieces of the night before are coming back to her now.
Sara rolls over, groaning.
Sara's eyes bug out.

23: INT. BOOKSTORE - DAY
Sara walks along the back aisle, weighed down with textbooks. All look used and worn. Fashion Design. Psychology. Calculus. She spots the last book she needs and reaches for it just as another GIRL reaches too. They both pull back, neither sure who has claim to it.
Sara looks her over. Checks out her outfit.
Sara snatches the book.

24: INT. BOOKSTORE - LATER
Sara finds Rebecca by the art supplies, she's picking up the stuff she needs. Sara scans Rebecca's books. They're all art books, shiny and new. Sara's phone rings. She looks at it: "JASON". She sighs. Her finger hovers over the "talk" button. A beat. She hits it right before it goes to voicemail.
She says it too loud. Other students in line are eyeing her.
Sara hangs up. She exhales, flustered.
Off Rebecca's confused look.
A beat. Rebecca's warm smile makes Sara want to open up. They walk along the stacks of books.
Sara smiles, glad to find a kindred spirit. She looks at her phone... and stuffs it into her pocket as they reach the register.

25: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca sits on her bed, drawing. Sara is putting her books away on a shelf. As she reaches the end of it, she notices something out of the corner of her eye.
Sara walks to the closet. Her modest clothes hang on one side. But the other side is now taken up by Rebecca's KILLER COLLECTION.
Sara reverently fingers through them. Chloe. De La Renta. Alexander McQueen. Jimmy Choo shoes. A Miu Miu handbag. Some still carry their price tags.
Off Sara's confused look.
Sara gives her a puzzled stare.
She wants to know more... but it's too soon to pry. She nods at Rebecca's drawing pad.
She walks over. Rebecca clutches the pad to her chest.
Sara stops dead in her tracks. Rebecca realizes that came across pretty harsh.

26: EXT. CAFETERIA - DUSK
Establishing shot of a big college cafeteria.

27: INT. CAFETERIA - DUSK
Sara and Rebecca have just finished their dinner.
The girls get up with their trays.
Sara sees Tracy sitting by the window with Kim. Sara walks over, but Rebecca doesn't follow.
She turns, but Rebecca is standing at a distance. Sara waves her over. Rebecca comes, reluctantly. She flashes a small wave.
Tracy sticks her finger down her throat. Gag me.
Tracy's grimace vetoes that one, too.
The girls all turn to Rebecca for approval.
Buzzkill.
Rebecca walks out. Sara shrugs at Tracy and Kim.

28: EXT. DESIGN BUILDING - DAY
Sara enters the Design building.

29: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
Sara peeks in the open door of a classroom. Frustration in her eyes   the class she couldn't get into. She watches PROFESSOR ROBERTS   long-haired, dashing   lecture his students.
Mild laughter from the class.
He lets the power of his words sink in.

30: INT. SAME HALLWAY - LATER
Sara stands by the door, watching the students file out. As the last one leaves, she screws up her courage and walks in.

31: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY
Professor Roberts is gathering up his papers.
He flashes a disarming smile.
He smiles at her.
She holds it out to him. He takes the form, but his eyes stay on Sara. Roaming over her.
Sara's face falls. A long beat.
She walks toward the door. Roberts' eyes go to her ass.
He walks to her... and hands her the signed form.
He smiles, signs the form and hands it to Sara. Sara clutches the form to her chest, smiling.

32: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
Sara and Rebecca sit on their respective beds. Rebecca listens to her Walkman. Sara types on her laptop.
Rebecca removes her earbud.
Sara stares at Rebecca. No way.
Rebecca walks over and looks at the computer over Sara's shoulder.
ON COMPUTER SCREEN: Sara's Facebook Page. Her picture in the corner. Pictures and posts from a dozen friends. Among them: A STYLISH, ATTRACTIVE WOMAN in her 20s.
Sara scrolls down Irene's recent posts: "Paris was amazing"... "Milan in the Fall"... "Off to Barcelona"... etc.
Rebecca laughs.
Tracy knocks on the partially open front door... and marches right in.
Tracy pulls out a fake ID. She walks to Rebecca and holds it out to her. A peace offering. Rebecca stares at Tracy for a beat... then goes back to her sketchbook.
Tracy stands there, hung out to dry, the ID in her hand.

33: INT. CLUB - NIGHT
A posh Los Angeles bar. Loud and packed to the gills with mostly young students. Sara and Tracy stand at the bar, getting jostled, looking like... two naive college kids. As they try to get the bartender's attention, older guys check them out, smiling and mouthing "Hi." Sara tries to ignore them, but Tracy's in heaven.
They clink their empty glasses in a toast.
She puts her wallet and cell phone into Tracy's purse.
As Tracy rolls her eyes... The BARTENDER sets two drinks down in front of them. He nods down the bar at... TWO MIDDLE-AGED SUITS. Tracy flashes them a smile. Sara's not so sure about this.
Tracy raises her shot glass. She and Sara clink and drink. Tracy waves at the suits again. Thanks guys.
She takes Sara's hand and pulls her out onto the dance floor.

34: INT. CLUB - DANCE FLOOR - LATER
Sara and Tracy whirl in the hot mix of bodies. Having the time of their lives. A HANDSOME GUY moves in, his eyes on Tracy. Tracy loves it. They dance together as Sara watches, smiling. Tracy and the handsome guy drift further away from Sara. Sara is now dancing by herself. A GUY moves in on her, but she politely dances away. She scans the dance floor for Tracy. Where'd she go? She steps off the dance floor and scans the bar   no sign of her.

35: INT. CLUB - BATHROOM
Sara walks into the crowded ladies' room.

36: EXT. CLUB - NIGHT
A bummed Sara walks out of the club alone. She rubs her arms against the chill. She nervously tugs on her silver chain as she scans the STRAGGLERS loitering outside.
She takes one last peek into the club doorway, hoping against hope that Tracy will magically appear. No luck. She starts walking down the street, away from the club. Weary and unnerved.

37: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca lies in bed, wide awake in the dark. Her cell phone rings. She stares at it. Two more rings. She picks it up.
She smiles.

38: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT
An old school gas station on a barren corner of the city. No cars in either direction. A lone white 328i BMW with a black soft top sits next to an ancient pump. Rebecca, half asleep, climbs out and grabs the nozzle, sticking it in the fuel tank. Starts pumping.
She turns to see a 20-year-old, good-looking gas station attendant. His name tag: "Rick". Rebecca sizes him up.
She keeps pumping. Speeding it up. Rick ambles up to her, treading beyond appropriate personal space. He points to the "Full Service" sign.
She stands her ground as he places his hand over hers on the gas pump and squeezes. She looks down at his hand on top of hers. Then lets go of the pump, nudging his hand away.
She pulls the nozzle out of the tank and tries to place it back at the pump. He stops her. Motions to her face.
He, ever so gently, rubs his index finger and thumb on her cheek to remove the imaginary smudge until he lurches back.
His crotch is wet as gasoline drips from the nozzle.
But she does it again, holding the lever down, dousing him head to toe. He scrambles backward out of range.
The nozzle's still in her hand, pouring gas in every direction. She opens her car door, grabbing a lighter. Rick's pissed. Charges towards her.
He spots the lighter in her hand. Dead stop. She absentmindedly flicks it. It sparks but doesn't light.
The gas is now pouring towards him. The meter on the pump is still ticking up. He scrambles again as she casually flips the lighter at him and drops the still pouring nozzle. A hint of a grin and a pitying shake of her head as she pulls out a loose hundred dollar bill. Places it on top of the pump.
She gets into her car and drives off. Leaving Rick soaked in gasoline.

39: INT./EXT. DINER - NIGHT
Sara sits by herself in a booth by the window. Hugging a cup of hot, sobering coffee. Rebecca's car pulls up into a parking spot. The headlights shine right in Sara's eyes... and now turn off. Sara's tired eyes light up as she sees Rebecca get out of the car. She waves. Rebecca doesn't wave back as she heads for the door.

40: INT. DINER - NIGHT
Rebecca walks up to Sara's booth.
Rebecca sits down, dropping her purse and keys on the table.
Sara smiles gratefully. Rebecca opens the menu.
Rebecca looks up from the menu.
Sara smiles.

41: INT. MOCA - DAY
Rebecca leads Sara through the sculpture room.
She's a savvy tour guide, confident, at ease. She doesn't just walk past pieces   she studies them. Sara's impressed. Sara's cell phone buzzes. She checks the display: "Jason". She tilts it so that Rebecca can see and rolls her eyes. She buries her cell phone in her purse. Sara spots a bizarre metal structure and walks over to it.

42: INT. MOCA - LATER
Rebecca shows Sara into a room full of paintings. In the background is a banner announcing an upcoming Richard Prince exhibition.
They stop in front of Richard Prince's "Nurse of Greenmeadow." It's a portrait of a woman in a nurse's mask. Her eyes peer directly at the viewer. Blood is smeared on her smock.
Sara steps closer to examine it. Rebecca stays behind her.
Rebecca's hands tug anxiously at her shirt. She really wants Sara to like this painting. Sara moves even closer. She squints, trying to see what Rebecca sees. The woman's expression in the painting is actually pretty sinister. Sara's a little freaked out... but she turns to see Rebecca's hopeful expression. Sara brightens.

43: EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY
Sara and Rebecca window shop along a block of thrift stores. Sara spots a graffiti-laden wall next to a tattoo parlor. Some first-rate tagging here   bright colors, funky shapes.
Rebecca pulls out her camera.
Sara poses... but now grabs Rebecca and pulls her in.
They both hold the camera, extended at arm's length. Rebecca clicks. She looks at the picture. She can see the tattoo parlor in the background.
Rebecca smiles. Yeah, right. But she can see in Sara's eyes that she's serious.
Sara pulls down her shirt and sweater a bit to reveal, over her heart, a simple tattoo: "Emily".
Sara smiles and interlocks her arm with Rebecca's as they walk down the street.

44: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
Sara sits on her bed in sweats, typing on her laptop. Rebecca sits on her own bed, glancing over at Sara as she draws.
Rebecca smiles, genuinely touched. She walks over to check out the rest of Sara's Facebook Favorites. Favorite book, favorite band, etc.
They both laugh.

45: EXT. CITY STREET - DUSK
Sara, in shorts and warm-up jacket, runs down the sidewalk. Her head's on a swivel, taking in the city sights.

46: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca takes down a few of her drawings. In their place, she puts up a big "Coyote Ugly" poster. She straightens it out. Satisfied. She checks her watch and walks to the window. She looks out, anxious for Sara to come home. She looks over at Sara's side of the room. Curious, she starts perusing her things. Books... CDs... She walks to Sara's dresser and picks up the picture of Emily. She tenderly brushes Emily's face with her thumb. She spots Sara's silver chain. She picks it up and places it around her neck. She fingers it carefully and looks at herself in the mirror. She smiles.

47: EXT. CARNEGIE DORM - NIGHT
Sara finishes off her run strong, striding out the last ten yards to the dorm. She catches her breath and hears a kitten. Sara looks in-between the columns outside the dorm and finds a STRAY KITTEN. She's cute as they come, a black-and-white furball.
The kitten purrs.
She kneels and pets it. The kitten purrs.
Sara glances around to see if anyone is watching.

48: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Sara quickly walks in and closes the door. Rebecca sits in her windowsill, drawing. Sara sits down on her own bed. She notices the "Coyote Ugly" poster.
Rebecca sees the moving bulge under Sara's jacket. She cuts Sara a look. Sara sighs. Apprehensively, she unzips her jacket and the kitten pops out. Rebecca sits up. The kitten jumps over to her bed. She pets it.
Sara's face lights up. She smiles gratefully.
Rebecca keeps petting the kitten. Getting more attached.
She smiles and scoops her up. Suddenly, her smile vanishes.
Rebecca touches it. She'd forgotten she still had it on.
Sara puts down the kitten and walks to Rebecca, who quickly takes it off. Sara takes it back, annoyed. She rubs it protectively.
Sara looks at it a moment longer. She looks at Rebecca.
Rebecca nods. Sara sits down on the bed next to her.
Sara smiles.

49: EXT. CAMPUS QUADS - MORNING
Establishing of life at the quads.

50: INT. CAMPUS COFFEE SHOP - DAY
A cool college hangout lined with old wooden tables and comfy couches. More like a living room than a coffee shop. Lots of laid-back STUDENTS and... One stressed-out Sara, dropping drinks off at a table and now rushing back to the register for the next order. Her CO- WORKER, clearly stoned, moves in slow motion. Not a care in his world.
The kid shrugs. Sara hops to the blender and guesses some ingredients. She starts it up. She takes her hand off the lid, and... THE BLENDER EXPLODES, splashing mocha smoothie all over her apron. She's frozen in shock. The co-worker casually hands her a towel. She snatches it. She turns to find... STEPHEN, standing at the front of the line.
Sara smiles. She's psyched to see him, in spite of the havoc. She leans in and speaks quietly.
She coyly shrugs.
Sara stares at him blankly. He smiles.
Sara laughs.
Sara smiles, bits of smoothie dripping from her apron.

51: INT. DORM HALLWAY - DAY
Sara walks off the elevator, still sky-high. She walks through the lounge, where Tracy sits on the couch. A television plays in the background.
Sara thinks about ignoring her but stops. Her tone is cold.
Tracy jumps up and walks over.
Down the hall, we see Rebecca open her door and peek out. She watches Tracy and Sara. Tracy gives Sara sad, puppy dog eyes. Sara laughs.
Tracy gives her a big, exaggerated hug. Over Sara's shoulder, she spots Rebecca looking at them. Tracy flashes a big smile. Relief at making up with Sara. But that's not how Rebecca takes it.
Rebecca hears this. She slips back into the room and closes the door. Sara turns and walks down the hallway.

52: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
Sara walks in to find Rebecca slipping into a black dress.
Major downer. Rebecca goes back to getting dressed. Heavy silence in the room. Sara watches her. A beat.
Sara pulls a cute jacket from her closet and puts it on Rebecca. They both look at Rebecca in the mirror. Wow. Rebecca smiles.
Rebecca nods in agreement.
She grabs a pair of small, gold hoop earrings from her dresser. She places them in Rebecca's hand.
She grabs her stuff and hurries out the door. Rebecca eyes the earrings in her palm. She turns towards the full-length mirror behind the door. As she leans into the mirror, we see that her ears aren't pierced. She takes one of the earrings and touches the pin against the skin of her right lobe. After a moment of hesitation... SHE PUSHES THE PIN IN HARD. A small pop. She flinches. Blood trickles down her ear onto her neck. She wipes it off with her thumb and touches the other hoop to her left ear.

53: INT. ART GALLERY - DUSK
Sara and Rebecca at the Richard Prince showing. The paintings are all similar to the one we saw in the museum. A series of women, peering at the viewer.
Rebecca wears her hair up, showing off her earrings. Every guy in the room is checking out these two babes. But Rebecca's into the art, and Sara is texting Stephen. ON CELL PHONE: "sorry. next time : (" Rebecca notices and frowns. Sara puts the phone away and starts studying the paintings.

54: EXT. COLLEGE DORM - NIGHT
It's night and there's not a soul in sight.

55: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT
We track slowly down the empty hallway, towards the door to the...

56: INT. DORM ROOM - LATER
Sara sleeps peacefully. Cuddles lies on top of her, awake. Her eyes glowing in the dark. Creepy. But not as creepy as... Rebecca in the other bed. She's staring back at the kitten. Envy in her eyes. Of Cuddles... or of Sara? Rebecca removes the covers and quietly gets out of bed. She walks over to Sara's bed... but not to pet Cuddles. She stands directly above Sara. Looking down at her. If Sara would simply open her eyes, she'd see her.

57: INT. DORM ROOM - BARELY SUNRISE
Tracy is passed out in her bed. She stirs as she wakes. She reaches around her, slapping her end table.
She stumbles to the mini-fridge and looks in: Empty. She groans. She grabs an empty cup... opens her door... And lets out a sharp little scream.

58: INT. DORM - HALLWAY - SAME
Rebecca sits right across from Tracy's door, her back against the wall. Staring at Tracy.
Rebecca cocks her head at Tracy, as if she's trying to comprehend her. A beat. She stands... and walks to her. Tracy takes a step back, shaken by Rebecca's calm, morose demeanor. Rebecca stares right into her eyes. She makes a slight move towards Tracy, who flinches. Rebecca turns and walks down to her room. At her door, she turns and smiles. She disappears into her room. Tracy stands there, spooked.

59: EXT. QUADS - DAY
AERIAL VIEW of Sara and Rebecca walking to class. Tracy walks ten yards behind them, waiting until... Rebecca and Sara wave "goodbye" to each other and head down different paths. Tracy hurries after Sara and catches up.
But Tracy's in no mood to joke. She pulls Sara to a stop.
Tracy stops and watches Sara as she continues on. Tracy turns to go the other way, but before she leaves her eyes catch Rebecca standing in front of a nearby building. Rebecca stares at Tracy much like she did in the hallway. Tracy leaves in a hurry.

60: INT. CLASSROOM / STUDIO
Sara sits in her Design class. Professor Roberts stands at the podium. Three white design mannequins behind him, each sporting a different fashion style.
Sara listens intently, soaking it all in. Her cell buzzes with a text message. She discreetly takes a look.
FROM IRENE: "4th & ford. be there now." Sara smiles at the message. Professor Roberts notices Sara looking at her cell phone and calls on her.
Without missing a beat, Sara replies.
The class chuckles. Professor Roberts smiles.

61: EXT. BUILDING - DAY
Sara comes out of the building, texting on her cell as she walks. Rebecca is waiting, holding two cups of coffee.
Rebecca shrugs, playing it off.
Sara smiles and grabs a cup.

62: EXT. QUADS - LATER
They walk through the quads. Other students are around, some strolling leisurely, others rushing to get to class.
Rebecca stops and looks at Sara. She starts laughing.
A beat as Sara ponders it all. She smiles.
Rebecca takes a victory sip as Sara gets another text from Irene: "where r u?!?!?!"
Rebecca watches her walk off. She takes another sip.

63: EXT. STREET CORNER - DAY
Sara gets out of a cab. She looks up at a big building.

64: INT. STUDIO - HALLWAY
Sara walks through a design studio. Models and make-up artists are rushing around, dragging thousands of dollars worth of dresses. Sara loves the place's chaotic energy. She knocks on an open door and sees a YOUNG MODEL being worked on by a designer who isn't much older. IRENE, 28.
She gets up to hug Sara. Nearly tearing the dress.

65: INT. STUDIO - BACKSTAGE - LATER
Irene is putting a dress together on a MODEL. Sara watches in awe. An OLDER DESIGNER walks by... checks on Irene's work... nods his approval... and leaves.
Irene rolls her eyes.
Even the model laughs.

66: INT. LIBRARY - DUSK
Sara walks along, looking for a table. She spots Stephen sitting by himself. Drumming on his leg with a pencil. Ignoring the open textbook in front of him. She sits down across from him. They both smile.
She takes his book. He's on page two.
Off Sara's smile.

67: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT
Kim exits the bathroom and passes Tracy coming the other way.
Tracy, wearing just a towel, and brushing her teeth as she walks, steps into the bathroom.

68: INT. DORM BATHROOM - NIGHT
She hums to herself as she spits out the toothpaste. She removes the towel and steps into the shower, pulling the curtain closed. As she shampoos her hair... The lights go out.
The only light is some distorted moonlight through the window. Tracy steps out of the shower, grabbing her towel. Just as she starts to feel her way along the wall... The lights come back on. She sighs happily... sheds her towel... and steps back under the steaming water. A beat. The lights go off again.
She turns off the shower. A beat of silence, but now... one of the other showers turns on. What the hell?
No response. Yet another shower turns on.
Tracy, back in her towel, nervous now, feels her way along the wall again. She turns on the lights. The curtains are drawn in front of both running showers. Tracy stares at them. A beat.
She walks over to the shower. A beat. She rips away one curtain. Nothing behind it but the running shower. She turns it off. She stares at the other curtain.
She pulls back the other curtain... nothing. She turns off that shower, too. But she can still hear running water. She looks back. The curtain from her own shower is closed again. The sound of running water behind it. She walks over.
She grips the curtain. She steels herself. She yanks the curtain open to see... Just running water. Tracy shakes her head. She looks around   no one. She slips her towel off and slips back under the water. Screw Rebecca   she's going to finish this shower.
Just as the warm water starts to relax her... THE SHOWER CURTAIN CRASHES OVER HER, pile-driven by Rebecca. The curtain comes right off the rings. Tracy is slammed against the shower wall. She hits the floor hard, with Rebecca on top of her. Water pelting them both.
Rebecca clamps a hand over Tracy's mouth and pins her against the wall. The shower curtain covers her from the neck down. Tracy   wide-eyed and terrified   stares at Rebecca.
Rebecca, one hand still on Tracy's mouth, slides her other hand beneath the shower curtain. Tracy's eyes widen further. Rebecca finds what she's looking for... gets the grip she needs... and violently jerks her hand out of the curtain. A muffled scream from Tracy. Tears stream down her face. Rebecca stands. As Tracy sobs quietly on the shower floor, Rebecca looks down at... The bloody ring in her hand.
She tosses it to Tracy... and walks away.

69: INT. FRAT HOUSE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
Sara and Stephen are sitting on a couch. His arm around her shoulder, lightly playing with the ends of her hair.
She gives him a slow, lingering kiss.
She smiles.

70: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca sits on her bed, petting Cuddles, blood still on her fingers, humming the tune that Tracy was humming in the bathroom. She hears steps and voices in the hallway. She smiles   must be Sara. She quickly turns off the light and pretends to sleep. But the steps pass her door and keep going. Not Sara. She turns on the light. Worry in her eyes. She picks up her cell phone and dials.

71: INT. DORM LOUNGE - NIGHT
Sara and Stephen step off the elevator. Time to say goodbye.
He kisses her. Sweet and tender. Until... Sara sees Rebecca. Standing just five feet away. Staring at them.
He flashes a smile. Rebecca doesn't even look at him.
She walks out of the lounge. A beat. That was awkward. Sara bites her lip, as if to say: "What can you do?"
He smiles   no big deal. He kisses her and steps into the elevator. They look at each other, waiting for the ancient doors to close. Stephen steps forward and sneaks in one more kiss. The doors close. Sara smiles; what a night. She glances down toward her door and sighs.

72: EXT. QUADS - MORNING
Sara and Rebecca walk in silence, sipping their coffees. Rebecca looks straight ahead, listening to her Walkman. As they reach the fork in the path...
Rebecca slowly nods.
A beat. Sara nods and smiles.

73: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
Sara and Stephen at a table, books spread around them. Stephen is reading Rolling Stone. Sara's on her laptop, checking her Facebook page. She gets a message for adding a new friend... from Rebecca. She clicks to add her.

74: INT. LIBRARY
Rebecca sits in a chair on the other side of the library. Unbeknownst to Sara and Stephen, Rebecca watches them through the glass.

75: INT. LIBRARY
Sara clicks onto Rebecca's Facebook page. She's listed only one friend: Sara. She's posted the picture of her and Sara in front of the graffiti wall. And some of her drawings. And a picture of a pretty brunette teenager, captioned "Maria." Sara looks at Rebecca's interests. Favorite Artist: Richard Prince. Favorite Passion: Drawing. Favorite movie: Coyote Ugly. Sara smiles. Best Friend: SARA. Her smile fades.
But the look on her face says she agrees.
She looks at him quizzically.
He just looks at her, raising his eyebrows suggestively.
He grins.

76: INT. LIBRARY - PERIODICAL RACKS
Rebecca watches Stephen kiss Sara, her expression is tough to read. Is she jealous... or entranced? Sara gets up and leaves. Stephen goes to the stacks.

77: INT. LIBRARY - STACKS - LATER
Stephen, alone, searches for a book among the remote stacks. The stacks are massive and endless   row after row of them. Stephen thumbs through books, not finding the one he needs. He drops a book and bends down to pick it up. Over his shoulder, we see... REBECCA'S EYES in the space between the shelves. She's in the next aisle over. Stephen replaces the book. He walks down the aisle, looking at the numbers of the books. Rebecca mimics his pacing as she follows him down her aisle. Her hands gently brush against the books, her eyes on Stephen. He turns in her direction and stops in his tracks. So does Rebecca. She's completely still. Stephen walks over. He puts his hand on the book that covers Rebecca. He's about to pull it out and reveal her. But it's not the right one. He keeps walking. He reaches the end of his aisle... and Rebecca the end of hers. She's right around the corner from him. He reads the markers at the end of the aisle, trying to figure out which direction to go. Rebecca's hands are sweaty. She's nervous. Does she want to get caught? Stephen turns right, away from her, and starts down the next aisle. Rebecca softly exhales. And now whispers to herself.
Stephen stops dead. Did he hear something? Guess not. He keeps going, scanning the book numbers again.
He doubles back, and turns into Rebecca's aisle. But it's... EMPTY. We hear a door close in the distance.

78: EXT. PARK - NIGHT
Stephen and Sara walk on a tree-lined path. Holding hands. He checks his watch.
They walk by a small playground comprised of the slide, jungle gym, etc.
She eyes the jungle gym.

79: EXT. PARK - PLAYGROUND - NIGHT
Sara and Stephen are each hanging from the jungle gym. This has been going on for a few minutes. Both straining. Stephen's worse off.
They stare each other down. She's stifling a laugh, much more in control as Stephen is straining.
He tries to swing his legs and kick her. She avoids him. He catches a peek at her bare midriff. Finally, this makes him fall. She then lets go, victorious.
Stephen brushes himself off. Dejected that he was "this close". She walks up to him. Cocky. Gives him a playful shove.
He gives her a playful shove back.
She seductively walks back towards him. Takes his hand.
She gives him a seductive grin.

80: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca sketches in her bed. She looks at the clock: 1:00 a.m. And no Sara. History is repeating itself.. .and Rebecca's pissed. She rips out her sketch page and throws it away. She starts pacing the floor. She angrily moves Sara's chair back to her side. She whips out her phone and eyes the dial button. She starts to dial... but kills the call. She picks up her sketchpad again. Suddenly: A BUZZING SOUND from Sara's desk. Rebecca pulls out the desk drawer and finds Sara's cell phone. On the call screen:
"JASON". A long beat. She pushes the talk button... but just listens.
Rebecca's eyes clear. She's in control again. She sits down on Sara's bed, tossing Cuddles roughly to the floor. And now she lies down.
She moves her hand across her stomach.
Rebecca's hand moves toward her panties.

81: INT. PSI U. FRAT HOUSE - HALLWAY - NIGHT
Sara and Stephen slam along the walls, in a fever. Kissing madly, missing each other's mouths. At his door... he cracks it open and peeks inside. His room is a disaster. Definitely a new world record for empty beer cans, pizza boxes, and strewn clothes.
But he slips into the room and closes the door behind him. Sara leans back against the wall. Flushed, breathing hard.

82: INT. FRAT HOUSE - ROOM - SAME
Stephen is a whirlwind. He tosses everything   beer cans, clothes, study papers   into one big garbage bag.
He's not quite buying it... but he's cleaning faster.
She's got his attention now. He speeds up.
He's popping breath mints... while clearing off his bed.
Stephen stops and stares at the door.

83: INT. FRAT HOUSE - HALLWAY - SAME
Sara stands there, fully dressed. She looks down the empty hallway.
The door swings open. Stephen stands in front of her, grinning.
She flicks her bra at his face. He catches it, shocked. He tosses it aside and yanks her into the room. The door slams shut behind them.

84: INT. DORM ROOM - SAME
Rebecca is breathing harder and faster now. Still holding the phone, from which we hear Jason's moans.
She puts the phone on speaker and lays it on the pillow beside her. Both her hands ease back under the covers.
Rebecca writhes, eyes closed.

85: INT. FRAT HOUSE - ROOM
Sara and Stephen make out in bed, half-naked. He lies on top of her. Looking into her eyes. Sweet and intimate.

86: INT. DORM ROOM - SAME
Rebecca writhes and moans.
They moan together. Louder and louder... and now they finish. A long beat.
Rebecca smiles.
Her smile dies. She picks up the phone. A cruel gleam in her eyes.
She kills the call. And now deletes it from the phone log.

87: EXT. CARNEGIE DORM - MORNING
Carnegie Dorm on a bright, clear morning.

88: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
Sara, hair mussed up but eyes shining. Sara opens her door and steps in. She's tentative, expecting Rebecca to jump down her throat. But Rebecca smiles.
Sara opens her desk drawer and grabs her phone. She quickly checks. No calls. Rebecca looks Sara over and smiles.
They laugh. A nice, easy vibe between them.
Before she can finish, Cuddles bolts out the door and down the hallway.
Sara chases after her as Rebecca gets up from her bed.

89: INT. HALLWAY
Sara turns the corner to see... The resident assistant, with Cuddles cradled in her arms. Sara apprehensively walks up to him.
She nods as she gingerly takes Cuddles from his arms. She turns to walk back to the room.
She stops. Turns. Looks at him.
Sara walks back to her room. Rebecca stands in the doorway. They exchange despondent looks. Screwed.

90: INT. IRENE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
Irene opens the door and Sara walks in.
Sara's shocked.
Sara moves into the apartment. Her phone rings. She answers.
Sara covers the phone and turns to Irene.
Irene walks toward the couch where there's a pile of clothes.

91: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT - LATER
Sara stuffs her new clothes into her tiny closet. The bags spill out into the room, taking up floor space. Rebecca sits on her bed, her laptop open. She's staring at Irene's Facebook Profile. There are some racy pictures of Irene and some girlfriends.
Sara smiles as she sits down next to Rebecca, trying to put a bright spin on things.
She checks herself. A beat of awkward silence.
As Sara hangs more new clothes in her closet, Rebecca stares across the room at... Cuddles.

92: EXT. QUADS - DAY
As Sara crosses the quads, she spots Tracy up ahead, walking by herself.
Tracy slows for a split-second, then keeps walking. As if she didn't hear anything. Sara hurries to catch up with her.
Tracy smiles, but weakly. The girl's lost all her sparkle. Her eyes dart around nervously, like a bird's.
Sara turns and waves at Rebecca.
Rebecca starts to walk over to Tracy and Sara.
But she's already walking away.

93: INT. CAMPUS COFFEE SHOP - LATER
Sara whips up a latte for a customer, her cell phone to her ear. She's really got the hang of this job now. In charge, moving with a purpose. She snatches an issue of High Times from her co-worker's hand and points him toward the sink. He starts washing blenders.
Her latte customer rolls his eyes. Moms. He takes his drink and walks away.
She listens, her face telling us that she doesn't like what she's hearing.
There isn't another customer in sight.
She hangs up the phone and sighs.

94: INT. DORM ROOM - DUSK
Rebecca gathers her laundry into a giant duffle bag. As she carries it toward the door, she passes Cuddles, curled up on Sara's bed. She scoops her up.

95: INT. DORM BASEMENT HALLWAY - DUSK
Rebecca walks downstairs, down the hallway to the laundry room.

96: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - LATER
Rebecca waits for her clothes to finish drying. Cuddles plays with a sock on top of a nearby washer. Rebecca checks on her clothes. They're dry, with two minutes still left on the timer. She stuffs the clothes into her duffle bag. She walks to the washers and picks up Cuddles. She pets her gently. She walks back to the dryer and places Cuddles inside.
Cuddles seems to enjoy the warmth. Rebecca closes the door and watches the confused kitten paw at the glass. She gently pushes the start button, just enough to get the dryer moving for a sec. Cuddles stumbles, falls over, and gets back up. Rebecca pushes the button again, a little longer this time. Cuddles stumbles. Flips over. The dryer beeps. OUT OF TIME. Cuddles meows at Rebecca, wanting out. She reaches into her pocket... and pulls out her last quarter. She gently places it in the slot. ON DRYER DISPLAY: 15 MINUTES. Rebecca stares through the glass at the kitten. She fingers the button. Before she pushes it

97: INT. DORM ROOM - LATER
Sara walks in to find Rebecca sprawled on her bed, crying. She rushes over.
Rebecca looks up at her, eyes red. Ashamed.
Sara stands, pissed. She wants to really go off on Rebecca... but the girl's so distraught, so fragile.
But Sara's already gone, slamming the door behind her.

98: INT. CAFETERIA - MORNING
Sara and Rebecca sit alone at a table. Eating quietly.
A beat as Sara decides whether to confide.
A beat. Rebecca pats Sara's hand.
Rebecca sits up, her excitement growing.

99: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY
Professor Roberts stands at the blackboard, wrapping up a lecture.
Students laugh on their way out the door. As Sara walks past Roberts...

100: INT. OFFICE - DAY
Sara knocks on Professor Roberts' open door. She steps into his office. It's small and intimate, with books stacked along every wall. Scraps of fabric are pinned to cork boards. Roberts smiles at her from his chair. He walks to the door and closes it. He walks back, pulls a chair close to hers, and sits down. She crosses her legs, her knees accidentally brushing against his.
Sara's pulse is racing.
Roberts stands and walks to the window. He looks out at the quad... and now turns back to Sara.
That stung. Sara can't keep the red from rising in her face. Roberts walks over to her.
He delicately taps her temple.
He squats beside her, his hand on her shoulder now. He looks into her eyes.
He kisses her. Sara pushes him away, jumping out of her chair. She stands in front of him, shaking.
Sara grabs her books. As she heads for the door...
She hurries out of the office.

101: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
Rebecca sits alone at a study table. Sara walks up and drops down her books. THUD. Students look over from other tables. Sara doesn't care. She sits down and stares blankly into space, trying to forget what just happened. Rebecca leans over, concerned.
Rebecca turns very serious. She gets up and sits down next to Sara.
Sara nods.
Rebecca puts her hand on Sara's.

102: INT. OFFICE - NIGHT
Professor Roberts at his desk, set to call it a day. He tosses some design sheets into his briefcase. He opens a desk drawer... grabs his wedding ring... and slips it onto his finger. He hears FOOTSTEPS in the hallway. The sexy, unmistakable clicking of a woman's heels. They come closer... and now stop at his door. Roberts watches the door, waiting for a knock. Nothing. He walks to it. He can see the silhouette of two feet at the bottom of the door. He smiles   Sara, coming back to him. He opens the door, revealing: Rebecca. She wears a snug v-neck cardigan, skin-tight black jeans, and silver stiletto heels. A small purse on her shoulder. Roberts swallows his surprise.
But Rebecca steps past him into the office, her heels snapping on the worn hardwood floor.

103: INT. OFFICE - NIGHT
Roberts, a little annoyed but also intrigued, follows her back inside. They face each other.
She steps to his desk and leans against it. Her cool manner is disarming. A beat.
Roberts smiles. This girl is a trip. Is she for real? She's so calm, so steady. Roberts can't get a handle on her.
She smiles... and eases up onto his desk. Facing him. Pretty feet dangling, ankles locked. Jesus. She eases her purse off her shoulder and onto the desk. She sees the framed picture of a WOMAN AND TWO KIDS. She picks it up.
The game is on now. Roberts slowly walks around the desk, until he's behind Rebecca. In the picture frame's reflection, Rebecca sees him slip off his wedding ring. He palms it.
He's circling the desk now. Predator and prey.
What an answer. Roberts stops in front of her. He moves in close, between her parting legs. He looks into her eyes. Still steady.
I'll take it from there.
He kisses her. She opens her lips for a tantalizing second, and now gently pushes him away. He holds his ground. He's had a taste   he wants a lot more. Suddenly, Rebecca's face hardens.
Roberts stares at her in shock. He's not even touching her. What's going on? Rebecca smiles again. This girl is whacked. But damn, Roberts wants her. And her eyes are inviting him back. As he presses in to kiss her again... She rockets a knee into his groin and he crumples to the floor, gasping for air. He drops his wedding ring, which rolls away across the floor. Rebecca steps to the desk, where her purse sits open. We can see the Walkman inside. She takes it out. Smiles at him.
She slips on the earbuds... plays with the Walkman for a few seconds... and now hits the play button. We hear their prior conversation, played back.
Rage and betrayal in Roberts' eyes.
She starts to circle him now, as he writhes in pain on the floor.
He recognizes his own words to Sara.
He lunges at her ankle. She steps out of his grasp... and slams the sharp spike of her heel down on his hand. He yells again.
She walks toward the door.
Rebecca stops at the door. She kneels, picks up his wedding ring, and rolls it across the floor to him.
She walks out the door.

104: INT. FRAT HOUSE - ROOM
Sara sits on Stephen's bed. She is looking out the window, holding a theory book in her hand. Stephen watches her from his side of the bed.
Sara is taken out of her own world
She smiles. Stephen smiles back. Sara looks down in her book again.

105: EXT. QUADS - DAY
Sara looks up at the building. She sighs before she enters.

106: INT. HALLWAY
She walks slowly toward the classroom, letting other students pass her. She steps into the doorway and sees...

107: INT. CLASSROOM
A WOMAN, standing at Professor Roberts' podium. She gestures for everyone to come in. Sara, like the rest, is confused.
Sara can't believe it. She takes a seat and turns to the STUDENT next to her.

108: INT. CAFETERIA - DAY
Sara walks in with a tray, still a bit dazed. She sees a half- dozen hallmates milling about and Rebecca sitting by herself in the corner, drawing. Sara joins her.

109: INT. CAMPUS COFFEE SHOP - NIGHT
Sara serves up two fresh lattes... and now leans against the counter to watch the band. Stephen's band. He catches her looking at him. She smiles. Seriously smitten.

110: INT. CAMPUS COFFEE SHOP - LATER
Stephen, sweaty, is behind the counter helping Sara clean up.

111: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
A somber Rebecca stares at herself in the full-length mirror on the back of the front door. A very strange expression in her eyes. She looks herself over, makes a fist, and now... Punches herself on the temple. Hard. She staggers, nearly knocked out. She straightens. Looks in the mirror. Her skin is already bruising. She punches herself again. Same spot. And again, with her other fist this time. And now a shot to her shoulder. And another. It's painful to watch. But she's getting more and more numb to the blows. She inspects herself closely... and now reaches down and grabs an artist's UTILITY KNIFE. It looks like a large, retractable box cutter. She extends the blade all the way out. She pulls up her shirt. Turns to the side a bit. Places the knife against her skin and...

112: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
Sara opens the door and finds Rebecca curled up in a fetal position in a corner of the room. Sobbing. Sara drops her things and runs over to her.
She cradles Rebecca, who buries her head in between her knees. Sara checks the bruises on her head and arms.
Sara holds her. She can't finish.
Sara notices a streak of blood against Rebecca's shirt. She pulls it up and sees a slash. Gasps.

113: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
Rebecca, newly showered, hair still wet, sits on her bed in her underwear. Sara is tending to her wounds. Ice for the bruises. Disinfectant for the cut. Rebecca flinches.
Sara pulls out her cell phone.
She's so frazzled, she's undoing Sara's nursing efforts.
Rebecca calms down. Let's Sara finish. Watching her intently as she works.

114: EXT. STREET - DORM - DAY
Sara's on the sidewalk in front of her dorm with Stephen. Inside, the lobby is busy with students getting ready to go home for the holiday.
Rebecca pulls up in her car. Sara gets in. Rebecca gives Stephen an "I win" look as Sara closes the door.

115: INT. CAR - DRIVING: LATER
Sara looks down at her phone.
Sara nods, reassuring herself.
Sara looks out the window. Rebecca shows a hint of a smile.

116: EXT. GATED MANSION - DUSK
Rebecca's car pulls up to the iron gates of a huge mansion that could be straight out of Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous.

117: EXT. SIDEWALK - DUSK
Rebecca and Sara stand in the driveway, looking up at the mansion. Sara is in shock.

118: INT. FOYER - DUSK
Rebecca and Sara walk in. Rebecca's on edge, flinching as Sara closes the door. Rebecca's parents rush in from the living room. Her father gives her an awkward hug.
Sara is stunned. But Rebecca's parents cease. Her mom gives her a tender, protracted embrace. Rebecca endures it, barely raising her arms.
She puts out her hand, but cuts Rebecca a look. You didn't tell them?
Rebecca's mother comes over and unexpectedly embraces Sara.
Rebecca grabs Sara by the arm.

119: INT. REBECCA'S ROOM - DUSK
Rebecca slams the door behind them, startling Sara.
Rebecca plops down on the bed. Sara looks around. It's a typical teenage girl's bedroom. Except, no posters. Just drawings covering the walls. The drawings are of teenage girls   more precisely, they're different drawings of one teenage girl. They're odd, but compelling.

120: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
Family and guest sit around a very nice, but not too large dining table. The contents of the house are expensive but not pretentious. Rebecca plays with her food, clearly not wanting to engage her parents, who are undaunted. All smiles and warmth.
Rebecca shakes her head, uncomfortable with the flattery.
Rebecca stares at her father.
Sara cuts discreet looks around the table. Who are these people?
Sara turns to Rebecca, confused but willing to go along.

121: INT. REBECCA'S ROOM - NIGHT
Sara and Rebecca are getting ready to sleep. Sara has made a makeshift bed in the middle of the floor.
Sara looks down at her own "bed" and takes a glance at the walls. On the floor, she's going to be surrounded by the drawings of Rebecca looking at her.
Sara climbs into bed with Rebecca. They lay back to back. Rebecca turns the lamp off next to the bed.
Sara closes her eyes. It's silent. Rebecca turns over. A beat. She opens her eyes   just inches from Sara. She ever so slowly raises her hand and gently strokes Sara's hair.
Sara opens her eyes for a second. Not sure if she felt something. She closes them again.

122: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
Jeff walks from the stairs into the pitch black kitchen. He's lived here long enough to know his way in the dark.
KITCHEN Jeff opens the fridge. The soft light barely illuminates Rebecca, sitting stoically at the table behind her father. Jeff jumps. He recovers, standing by the open fridge.
Rebecca, glass of milk in her hand, gives her father a dirty look. We know how much she hates nicknames.

123: INT. REBECCA'S ROOM - NIGHT
Sara wakes up alone in bed. She can hear soft voices from downstairs. She climbs out of bed and walks to the door.

124: INT. STAIRCASE - NIGHT
Sara stands at the top of the stairs. She walks down them and to the kitchen doorway. She peeks inside to see...

125: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
Rebecca and her father sitting at the table. Just the moonlight through the window falling over them. Spooky.
She looks down at the table.
Jeff, very subtly, cringes. A long beat.
Now she looks at him.
He doesn't know what else to say. Outside Sara sees the framed photos on the wall. Each features Rebecca's parents in some exotic locale: On the beach... on the ski slopes... on a cruise ship. They smile happily at the camera. Rebecca isn't in a single picture.
He rises. Sara turns and walks up the stairs.

126: INT. FRONT DOOR - DAY
Sara waits by the front door. Alison walks in.
Alison peers up the stairs.
Alison turns to see... her daughter at the top of the stairs. Did she hear them? She walks down.
She kisses her on the cheek. Rebecca is annoyed.
Sara nods, but she's still reeling from Alison's words. Medication? She looks back, but Alison waves cheerfully.

127: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
It's an affluent but quaint little town's main street. Rebecca and Sara stroll down the sidewalk. Sara cuts discreet, sideways glances at Rebecca.
She wants to ask her about that medication.

128: INT. COFFEE SHOP DAY
Sara and Rebecca are in line for their drinks. The TEENAGE CASHIER takes their money... but keeps staring at Rebecca. She doesn't pay any attention to him. Sara takes her coffee.
The cashier stares at her, as if trying to figure Sara out. What's she doing with Rebecca? The girls sit at a table. The cashier and BARISTA keep glancing over, whispering to each other. Rebecca shoots them a look. Like a warning. They quiet. Start doing busy work.
The door opens. THREE GIRLS walk in, laughing and chatting. One BRUNETTE spots Rebecca and stops dead in her tracks. Sara recognizes her. It's MARIA, the girl from Rebecca's Facebook, and the subject of all those wall sketches. The chatting girls all fall silent.
Rebecca doesn't answer her. She's focused on making eye contact with the Brunette. The girls linger by the door, whispering among themselves. Finally, the Brunette sits down at a table by the entrance. As far away from Rebecca's and Sara's table as possible. The other two girls walk to the counter. They sneak glances at Rebecca as they order their drinks. Sara looks back and forth between Rebecca and the girls. Rebecca doesn't waver. She keeps staring at the Brunette. Suddenly, Rebecca gets up.
Rebecca walks towards the door. Sara, confused, gathers her things and gets up. Rebecca stops at the Brunette's table. The Brunette sits there, like a deer caught in headlights.
The other girls walk over. Rebecca, unfazed, looks them over, sending shivers down their spines. They want to back up their friend, but they look as scared as she does. Sara watches all this from a few feet away. Rebecca suddenly turns cheerful.
Sara gives a small wave to Maria, who looks her over. Almost as if she feels sorry for her.
Rebecca keeps eyeing Maria, a superior grin on her face. An awkward beat. Everyone's tense. Sara clears her throat.
Rebecca snaps out of it. Nods. They start to walk out. But as they open the door...
Everyone turns to Maria. She looks Rebecca in the eye.
Rebecca stares at her, grinding her teeth. The tension building. Maria doesn't back down, though. She needed to say this. Sara grabs Rebecca's shoulder, gently.

129: INT. CAR - DAY: DRIVING
Headed back to school. Sara looks out the window. Lost in thought.
Rebecca doesn't look at her. Just a hint of acknowledgement on her face. Sara's phone buzzes. This gets Rebecca's attention. Sara looks at the text message she just received from Irene: "back in LA. lemme know abt movin in."
Sara types and sends a text back. Rebecca watches her.

130: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - DAY
Sara's running through the quad.

131: EXT./INT. DORM - DAY
Sara, coming in from a run, times it perfectly, sneaking in the front door as a student walks out. She bypasses the elevator, heading straight to the stairs.

132: INT. DORM HALLWAY - DAY
She bursts out the door and into the hallway.

133: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
She walks in, still a bit out of breath. Rebecca is packing her back-pack.
She's out the door. Sara notices that Rebecca left her sketchpad behind on her bed. She eyes it for a beat. Looks at the closed door. As she steps toward the sketchpad... Rebecca charges back in.
She snags it from her bed and leaves. Sara eyes Rebecca's dresser. But first... She walks to the door and opens it.

134: INT. DORM HALLWAY
Sara peeks her head out and looks down both sides of the empty hallway. She hears the elevator ding.

135: INT. DORM ROOM
Sara heads straight for Rebecca's dresser. A beat. Is she really going to do this? Yes. She slides open the top drawer: Supplies. The second drawer: sketchpads. She leafs through them: Empty. She searches the third drawer: Sweaters. She feels around beneath them. Wait a minute. She pulls out: Two bottles of prescription medicine. "LITHIUM... For APD." Both bottles are full of pills. As Sara stares at them...
A HAND TAPS HER SHOULDER. She leaps out of her socks. But it's just Stephen.
Sara grabs him and gives him a long hug. Stephen holds her tight and speaks, muffled by her neck.
A beat. Should she bring him into this?

136: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - NIGHT
Rebecca is standing up, back pack around her shoulder, her drawing pad in her other hand. Her arm is wrapped around a pole for balance. She stares out the window. No emotion. She looks like she's staring at her own reflection. The train comes to a halt. Riders shuffle around. Rebecca sees a seat open up and sits down. She opens her drawing pad and starts on a blank piece of paper. She looks up and we see what she's been staring at: Irene.

137: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Sara and Stephen stand at Sara's desk, over her computer. Sara googles "Lithium and APD", and clicks on an entry.
They look at each other.
He's right and she knows it. A beat.

138: INT. NIGHT CLUB - NIGHT
A stylish, hip night club. A sophisticated crowd. Irene and three FRIENDS sit in the lounge section, sipping exotic martinis and watching the dance floor. And on that dance floor one particular woman dances by herself, lost in the music, oblivious to everything around her. She turns as she dances and we see that it's Rebecca. Irene gets up and heads towards the bathroom. As she winds her away around the borders of the dance floor, she notices Rebecca. She pauses to watch her. THEIR EYES MEET FOR MORE THAN AN INSTANT, IRENE SMILES AND WALKS AWAY. REBECCA CLOCKS IT, WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?

139: INT. NIGHT CLUB - BATHROOM - NIGHT
Irene stands at the mirror, fixing her make-up. The door opens and closes. She glances over to see Rebecca walking in. Rebecca steps to the sink, just a few feet down from Irene. She's out of breath, a sexy sheen of sweat on her arms. Irene breaks out a tube of lip gloss. Rebecca is watching her in the mirror, and Irene knows it. She applies the gloss and smiles at the little kick it gives her. Her eyes find Rebecca's in the mirror.
REBECCA SMILES
Rebecca smiles. A beat.
Irene hands her the lip gloss... Rebecca takes her hand and pulls her close. She kisses Irene full on the lips.
Irene smiles. This room's heating up fast. Irene's eyes meet Rebecca's.

140: INT. IRENE'S BEDROOM - MORNING
An alarm clock buzzes with no effect to Irene who is dead to the world. She grunts and finally opens her eyes. She wipes the sleep from her eyes, she looks around confused, looks to the empty side of her bed where someone had obviously spent the night. Irene sits up and turns off the alarm..
She looks at an empty glass on her bedside table.

141: INT. IRENE'S BEDROOM - MORNING
Irene get's up with the empty glass in her hand. She stumbles out into the...
HALLWAY. She staggers to keep her balance on her way to the kitchen. We stay in the hallway as Irene enters in the kitchen and switches on the light.
We can see her shadow in the hallway and hear Irene fill her glass. It's quiet for a moment. She drinks. She fills the glass again. Irene comes back into the hallway with glass in hand. She switches off the light in the kitchen. But as she starts to go back to her room ...WHAM!! Rebecca charges out of nowhere and crashes into Irene.
CLOSE UP: GLASS EXPLODES ON THE FLOOR

142: EXT. CITY STREET - MORNING
Sara is going for a run through the city. She stops at an old art deco apartment building.

143: INT. LOBBY - MORNING
Sara spots Irene's name on the buzzer and calls up. No answer.

144: EXT. STREET - MORNING
She walks out the door. Looks around. And takes off running again.

145: INT. DORM HALLWAY - MORNING
Sara, hands on hips, walks down the hallway and opens the door.

146: INT. DORM ROOM - MORNING
She finds Rebecca, sitting on her bed. Drawing. She lights up when she sees Sara.
Sara pulls off her sweaty top and throws it in the hamper, grabbing a towel. She's wearing a sportsbra, revealing her tattoo. Sara grabs a robe. A beat. She's nervous, but she needs to do this. Time for the "big talk." She sits on her bed and faces Rebecca.
Sara looks into her plaintive eyes. So much want in them.

147: INT. TATTOO PARLOR - DAY
The girls walk along the wall, checking out the samples.
Sara sits down as the TATTOO ARTIST escorts Rebecca upstairs. She looks giddy and nervous. Sara waves. When she's gone, Sara takes out her phone and texts Irene.

148: INT. TATTOO PARLOR - LATER
Sara, bored, leafs through a tattoo magazine for the 100th time. Her phone buzzes. A response from Irene: "outta town for a gig. will call when back ; )" Sara's relieved.
STAIRS Rebecca walks slowly down the stairs. Wincing in pain. Sara puts the phone back in her pocket and stands up.
Rebecca pulls down the collar of her shirt to reveal, just under her collarbone:
"EMILY" Sara, stunned speechless, starts backing away from her.
Rebecca is oblivious to the rage building in Sara.
Sara clenches her fists. She's shaking with rage. She moves toward Rebecca, whose grin fades.
Sara steps up to her, inches away, ready to beat the shit out of her. And Rebecca can't believe it. She's that far gone. Her eyes search Sara's for an answer. Sara abruptly turns and walks out the door. Rebecca watches her leave through the front window. Sara never looks back.

149: INT. DORM LOBBY - DAY
The elevator doors open. Sara, emotionally exhausted, steps out, carrying a box of her things. Stephen waits by the door.
He takes the box. Then notices
She instinctively rubs the base of her neck.
He hands her the box. Time to man up.
She kisses him tenderly, unbelievably appreciative.

150: EXT. STREET - DAY
Sara walks out to the cab. Pauses. She's tempted to look back at her dorm room window... but she doesn't. Good thing, too. Rebecca sits on the ledge, looking down. Her face is blank. Not hurt, not angry   completely blank.

151: INT. DORM ROOM - DAY
Rebecca still sits at the window. She holds her camera up, taking a picture down below. She turns as Stephen enters. She puts the camera down.
Rebecca solemnly shakes her head. He looks around the dresser. In the drawers. Flips over Sara's pillow. Rebecca watches him.
He stops searching. Looks at her.
He doesn't answer. He keeps searching... but he can feel Rebecca's eyes on him now. Creepy. He gives up.
Instead of answering, Rebecca raises her camera and takes his picture. Stephen stares at her, unnerved. He finally snaps out of it and walks out the door. She watches him go.

152: INT. FRAT HOUSE - ROOM - DAY
Sara is cleaning, trying to make a dent in a world-class mess. She doesn't mind   a big weight's off her shoulders.
She keeps cleaning.
Sara really wants to change the subject. She holds up two of his t-shirts.
Stephen sniffs the shirts.
She throws the t-shirts at him.

153: EXT. CAMPUS QUADS - DAY
Sara heads to class, walking faster than usual. Bumping into people as she looks around, making sure she'll spot Rebecca before Rebecca spots her. She makes it to the front door of the building. She looks back at the quads.

154: EXT. CAMPUS COFFEE SHOP - NIGHT
Sara locks the front door and heads back home. She walks down an empty quad. She slows at the sight of... Rebecca. Walking directly towards her from the other end of the quad. No one else is in sight. Sara thinks about veering off to the side. No. She can do this. She walks straight ahead. Rebecca keeps her pace; hooded sweater up, looking down at the pavement, listening to her Walkman. Sara takes a deep breath as they get closer to each other, preparing herself for the confrontation. Ten feet away now. Five... But Rebecca passes her without looking. Sara walks a little further and turns around. Rebecca keeps walking. Did she even see her?

155: EXT. FRAT HOUSE - NIGHT
Sara hurries up the stairs to the fraternity house.

156: INT. FRAT HOUSE - ENTRANCE - NIGHT
Sara reaches Psi U. and closes the door behind her. She looks around at the messy first floor. At the PACK OF GUYS in the living room, yelling at the hoops game on TV. Sara smiles. She's safe.

157: INT. ART STUDIO - NIGHT
Rebecca is alone, with just a crack of light coming from the open door to the hallway. She's sketching, still wearing her Walkman. Hundreds of sheets of paper are scattered around the floor, but we can't see what she's drawing.

158: INT. FRAT HOUSE ROOM
Sara is trying to study at a cramped desk but the music from outside the room is too loud. Stephen is on the bed, reading. He's used to it. She hears a loud commotion from the hallway. Frustrated, she gets up.

159: INT. FRAT HOUSE - HALLWAY
It's a couple of guys playing nerf basketball.
She waves her arms like a crazy person.
They just return blank stares. She slams the door shut.

160: INT. FRAT HOUSE - ROOM - NIGHT
Sara tries to study while the fraternity brothers continue to shout down the hall. Stephen eyes her warily. Her cellphone rings. She pulls it out of the purse: Jason.
She hesitates... and now stuffs the phone back in her bag as she gets up from the table.
She kisses him.

161: EXT. DORM - EVENING - NIGHT
JASON, a handsome all-American Midwestern kid, stands in front of Sara's dorm. He's talking into his cell phone.
He hangs up. Some students leave the dorm and he grabs the door before it closes.

162: INT. DORM ROOM - DUSK
Rebecca kneels down in front of her dresser. Opens the bottom drawer. Her sweaters. She fishes underneath them. Pulls out her lithium pills. But just looks at them. Anger in her eyes. She puts the bottle back.

163: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT
Jason walks through the hallway, checking the numbers on the doors. He stops in front of Sara's room. Knocks lightly on the door. No answer. Knocks again.

164: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca sits back into Sara's chair, staring at the door, ignoring the knocks. Almost catatonic. Her right hand slowly drags a utility knife over the armrest, shredding it to pieces.

165: INT. DORM HALLWAY - NIGHT
Jason writes a note. He folds it and slides it under the door. He hesitates for a second, hoping this is the right thing to do, then walks back down the hallway towards the elevator.

166: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca stares at the note for a moment. She walks to the door, picks it up and begins to read Jason's note.
SARA - I know you won't take my calls, but I'm here and I just want to see you. I'm at The Roosevelt Hotel, Room 210, until... however long it takes. Please. Love, JASON
Rebecca crumples up the paper and throws it in the trash.

167: INT. DORM - SHOWER - NIGHT
Rebecca lets the water soak her. Eyes open. She runs her fingers through her now long dark brown hair. Black water trickles down her legs and puddles near the drain.

168: INT. DORM BATHROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca stands naked in front of the mirror, staring at her reflection. She then digs into her bag and pulls out a long pair of shears. Her "Emily" tattoo is starting to heal. She gently traces the letters with the sharp tips of the shears, still looking at it in the mirror. She lifts the shears and starts cutting her hair shorter. Just above her shoulders.

169: INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca walks over to Sara's closet. She opens it and thumbs through some of the clothes that Sara left behind. She pulls out a dress. Holds it in front of herself as she stands in front of the mirror. Nice   but something's missing. Rebecca goes to her drawer and pulls out Sara's silver chain. Which she caresses in her hand.

170: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT
Sara's kicked her feet on the table, reading a book. Enjoying the silence.

171: INT. FRAT HOUSE - NIGHT
A raucous party in full swing. Stephen's band has just finished playing and he's walking off the cheap stage. A HOT GIRL smiles at him.
She walks away. "Jerk". He grins... and now checks his watch. Where's Sara?

172: INT. HOTEL - HALLWAY - NIGHT
The elevator door opens, revealing Rebecca. Or is it Sara? The hair. The dress. The tattoo. Rebecca looks just like her.
As she steps into the hallway, she gently fingers the necklace. She walks along, looking at the room numbers. She stops in front of a room. She's about to knock... but she sees a housekeeping cart a few doors down, in front of an open room. She walks to the cart. She peeks inside the room... and now plucks the master key card off the cart.

173: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
Jason, shirtless, sleeps on his stomach in bed. The front door clicks and slowly creaks open just enough for a silhouette of a woman to appear. She closes the door. Jason barely acknowledges the noise in his sleep. Rebecca walks to the bed in the soft moonlight. She stares down at Jason. She slips off her dress, which falls to the floor. She's in just bra and panties now. She climbs onto the bed beside Jason. He starts awake.
She crawls onto him, not letting him turn over. She starts kissing the back of his neck.
Kissing his back now, moving lower.
She works her way back up to his ear.
Did that sound like Sara? But as Jason turns over, he sees... The hair. The necklace. That unmistakable "Emily" tattoo.
He does. She reaches beneath the blanket, and does what she needs to. She settles onto him. And now starts to move. And as she moves we go behind her and see, shining in the low light, the utility knife beneath her bra strap. Flat against the skin of her back. Jason lies still, eyes clenched shut.
She lets him have one, two, three seconds of heaven. Her hands reach behind her and ease out the utility knife.
Jason's eyes fly open. That wasn't Sara's voice. And those aren't Sara's eyes boring into his. Rebecca leans down, her face to his. Jason's eyes widen in shock, horror, and now pain as her unseen hands drive the knife deep into his gut. He gasps.
She kisses him   the last thing he'll ever feel. He shudders, trembles, and lies still, eyes open.

174: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT
Sara's still reading. A hand touches her shoulder. She jumps, but it's just the LIBRARIAN.
Sara can't believe it's so late. She puts her things away. Grabs her phone to check the time, distracted by the "1 new voicemail" message. She's about to press the voicemail button... But a text comes in from Irene:
"Im back. Get your butt over here, I've got another surprise for you."

175: INT. FRATHOUSE - NIGHT
Stephen walks around, beer-less, searching the crowd for Sara. He checks his watch. Pats his pocket   no cell phone. He heads up the stairs and into his room.

176: INT. FRAT BEDROOM - NIGHT
Stephen picks his phone off the dresser. Sees he has a new voicemail from Sara. He plays the message
He groans. A sharp knock, and the bedroom door opens.

177: EXT. IRENE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
Sara comes fast-paced down the sidewalk. She enters Irene's building.

178: INT. IRENE'S ELEVATOR
Sara rides up the elevator.

179: INT. HALLWAY / DOORWAY
Sara walks to the door of Irene's apartment. It's open but there's not a sound. No music, no cocktail chatter. She checks the apartment number again. It's the right one. She knocks lightly. No answer.

180: INT. IRENE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
Sara steps into the foyer.
She walks down the long entryway into a newly-renovated living room. Dark and empty. Sara's starting to feel uneasy.
There's a bedroom dead ahead. Warm light pours out. She slowly walks to the open door... looks in... and freezes. CLOSE ON SARA'S EYES. Horror-stricken by what she sees. The bedroom is dark, except for the single lamp, above... Irene. She lies on the bed, each of her wrists cuffed to a bedpost. A red Hermes scarf is stuffed in her mouth. Sara can't move. She stares at Irene in shock.
Irene mumbles, her eyes wide open in terror. As Sara starts toward Irene...
Rebecca steps out of the darkness, a gun in her hand. Sara drops her phone on the floor.
Rebecca holds the gun steady on Sara.
Sara lowers herself into a black chair, her eyes on Irene. Rebecca picks up Sara's cell phone.
A beat. Sara knows she has to play this just right.
Sara sinks out of the chair onto her knees in astonishment. She looks at Irene. Sara digs deep... lifts up her face... and looks Rebecca in the eye. She puts everything she has into this.
A long beat. Rebecca's face lights up.
Sara sees Rebecca start to twist a garbage bag in her hands.
Rebecca whips the bag around Irene's head. Irene starts to buck and thrash. But it doesn't help her...
Sara stands. She stares at Irene. She can't watch her die. She walks toward the bed, ignoring Rebecca's gun.
Rebecca raises the gun to Sara's face but Sara keeps coming. Rebecca realizes she can't stop Sara. She cracks Sara across the temple with the gun-butt, knocking her to the floor. She kneels down beside Sara. Worried... clearing the hair from Sara's face.
Sara backhands her, knocking the gun out of her hand. It skitters across the floor and out the door into the living room. Sara stands up first and dives for the bed, but Rebecca grabs Sara by the neck and rips her off the bed. She puts her in a chokehold. Sara backs Rebecca into the wall, trying to loosen the chokehold. She slams her back against the wall. And again. Sara smashes her elbow into Rebecca's jaw, breaking her grip. She heads for the door, but Rebecca trips her. As Sara rises... Rebecca knees her in her stomach, knocking the wind out of her. As Sara gasps for breath... Rebecca races out into the living room for the gun. Sara gets up quickly and slams the door shut and locks it. Rebecca turns around and goes for the door.
Sara goes to the bed and rips open the garbage bag on Irene's head. IRENE'S EYES POP OPEN. Huge relief in Sara's face. But... Rebecca bangs the door.

181: INT. BEDROOM
Sara takes the scarf out of Irene's mouth and pulls against the steel handcuffs. Useless.

182: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca wipes blood off her lip and leans up to the door.

183: INT. BEDROOM
Sara and Irene are frantic.
She nods her head and Sara sees the phone on the bed table. She rushes for it. No good the wire is cut!

184: INT. LIVING ROOM
Rebecca looks around for the gun. Throwing chairs and furniture around. She finds it. Picks the gun off the floor.

185: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
Sara races to the window and throws it open. There's just an empty street below. She eyes the fire escape. A nearly impossible leap away. But Sara's out of options.

186: EXT. BUILDING LEDGE - NIGHT
Sara takes a tentative step out onto the slim ledge. Her foot hits a flowerpot, which plummets ten stories... and smashes to pieces in the alley. Sara shuts her eyes.

187: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca, back at the bedroom door, raises the gun and fires.
BLAM!

188: INT. BEDROOM
The door shatters, and the bullet continues straight ahead and tears a pillow open, just beside Irene's head. Feathers go flying. Irene screams. Rebecca kicks the door open and steps in, gun in hand.
She stops short at the sight of...Sara on the ledge. Rebecca turns and stares at Irene. Fresh panic rising in Irene's eyes.
She raises the gun at the helpless Irene... But out of nowhere STEPHEN, RUSHING UP FROM BEHIND, knocks her arm. The gun fires wildly, one bullet...

189: EXT. BUILDING LEDGE - NIGHT
Exploding through the window, shattering it and startling Sara, who loses her balance and slips off the ledge. She grabs on by her fingertips, her face hitting the brick wall.
The more she screams, the more she loses her grip.

190: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
Rebecca fires another shot, hitting a giant bedroom mirror, shattering it's reflection of Rebecca's struggle with Stephen. Rebecca slams her head into his lip, knocking him backward. He keeps hold of her, and they hit the floor, the gun flying out of Rebecca's hand. Stephen gets on top. He lifts his arm high and balls his fist before he puts it right in her face full throttle, knocking her out cold. He quickly takes the gun and puts it inside his belt as he races for the window.
He sees Sara dangling outside and reaches for her.

191: EXT. BUILDING LEDGE - SAME
Sara's crying, barely mouthing Stephen's name. He grabs her arms. Leaning halfway outside, he starts to pull her up. Part of the way up, he holds her against his chest and lets her cry. He smiles.
He pulls her halfway in the window... But a shadow rises behind him.
A loud unpleasant sound. THUD! Irene screams. Then Stephen stiffens, his body straightening in shock. Something's wrong. And now Sara stares in horror as... Blood runs down his face. He looks into Sara's eyes... and lets go of her.
She falls, but manages to hook onto the ledge as Stephen disappears from the window frame. Using the brick wall for leverage, she arduously lifts herself up into the window in time to see... Stephen, glassy-eyed, backing away from the window. He slumps to the floor, revealing: Rebecca. She's a crazed mess, hair and eyes wild. Rebecca drops the bloody fireplace poker and rushes to the window. She helps Sara in. They tumble onto the floor. Sara tosses Rebecca to the side and rushes over to Stephen.
Stephen is out. She sees the gun in his belt. She pulls it out, spins, and levels it at Rebecca. The gun shakes violently in her hand. Rebecca stands and walks calmly towards Sara, who is still on the floor.
Sara pulls the trigger. Click. Rebecca stares in shock. Click. Click. Click. Click. Sara closes her eyes in frustration. She drops the gun. Tears stream down Rebecca's face. She can't believe Sara pulled that trigger. But as if flipping a switch... Rebecca's sadness turns to rage. She balls her fists, her knuckles white, and... CHARGES at Sara full force, slamming her against the wall. She tosses her like a ragdoll across the room, where... Sara's head slams the nightstand, knocking the contents of Rebecca's purse everywhere. Rebecca wipes the tears from her eyes. It hurts her to hurt Sara.
Sara, dazed and weak, stares at Rebecca.
That's the last straw. Rebecca comes hard, murder in her eyes. She grabs Sara around the throat, pulls her up from the floor, and slams her against the wall. She starts choking the life out of her. Sara's face turns red. Redder... But suddenly Rebecca's grip loosens. Her eyes stare in shock. Sara pulls Rebecca's hands off her neck with one hand. The utility knife is in her other hand... stuck between Rebecca's shoulder blades. Rebecca falls to the floor, bringing Sara down with her. She won't let go of Sara. As she gasps for air, she sees... Sara's tattoo, visible beneath her torn shirt. Sara self- consciously notices her looking at it. Rebecca reaches out and grabs Sara's hand. Sara lets go of her hand, and removes the necklace from around Rebecca's neck. Irene is trembling in the bed. Too shocked to say anything.
She races over to him. He's barely alive.
She finds her phone on the floor. She steps back to Stephen and cradles his head in her lap as she dials 911. He looks into her eyes and smiles. She smiles through her tears, love in her eyes.

192: EXT. BUILDING - DAY
It's a warm, spring day. Sara, melancholy but looking in much better shape since the last time we saw her, stands in front of her dorm, looking to restart her college career. She plays with the silver chain once again around her neck.
She opens the front door and walks in. Students milling about look at her. Know who she is. We see Kim and Tracy. They don't say anything. Don't know what to say.

193: INT. DORM ROOM
Sara opens the door. The simple room is identical to her previous one. She hesitates at first but then walks in. There is a box marked "SARA" filled with the things she left behind in her old dorm. There's a knock on the open door.
Stephen enters the room.
Sara smiles.
Stephen grins. He likes where this is headed.

194: INT. DORM HALLWAY
Sara and Stephen push the twin bed into the hallway.
Sara grins.
Stephen takes off down the hall. Sara follows him with her eyes before she goes back into her room.

195: INT. DORM ROOM
Sara sits down on her bed. She watches the empty space where the other bed used to be. She just stares at it. The camera slowly tracks sideways until we see the side of the bookshelf where unseen by Sara, there's a flyer hung with a picture of Richard Prince's Nurse of Greenmeadow announcing an upcoming gallery exhibition.