
0: EXT. WATERSIDE CEMETERY - DAY
TITLES over a series of DISSOLVES.
-Ancient American graves on a gentle green slope.
-A grave digger shovels earth, knee-deep in a hole.
-Cemetery workers set up rows of folding chairs.
-A funeral in progress. Sobbing gray-haired women in black.
-The mourners drift away. The digger returns, shovel in hand. An old man stands under a nearby tree, watching him work.
END TITLES
CAMERA PANS to FLORIO FERRENTE, mid-forties, standing among the graves of Mayflower pilgrims. Florio could lose a few pounds but he's strong as a bull. He speaks to the CAMERA...warm, friendly...
Florio turns to walk away and we follow him through a picture- perfect New England town.
THE OLD FRANKLIN STREET FIREHOUSE
The jewel of Old Town, surrounded by impeccably restored historical buildings.
Suddenly lights flash, sirens blare. Firemen and Paramedics scramble like ants into fluorescent green vehicles and go racing off down the street.
Then...a distant BOOM! Florio smiles.
As Florio strolls through the town, he stays constant, but his surroundings magically change. He does not acknowledge any of the passersby, nor do they acknowledge him.
Florio smiles warmly as he points to a small hospital, over a hundred years old.

1: EXT. DRIFTWOOD DINER - EARLY MORNING
An old time greasy spoon, through the windows we can see friendly locals, talking, eating breakfast, drinking coffee.

2: EXT. A LITTLE BAKE SHOP ON THE PIER - DAY
Happy kids snacking away on big cookies.

3: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - EVENING
People lining up for the Saturday night show. Young families, old folks, teens on first dates...

4: INT. MADDIE'S BAR - NIGHT
A happy, rowdy place. Everybody's downing beers, telling each other their life stories... and downing more beers.

5: EXT. OLD NORTH CHURCH - DAY
It's springtime now. And a happy, bride and groom emerge from the church. Everybody throws rice.
ON FLORIO
Where we first met him, among new and ancient graves in Waterside Cemetery.
Florio looks around him. A breeze rustles the petals of wilted flowers. He approaches one of the newer headstones, kneels next to it.

6: INT. HIGH SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - DAY
It's graduation day and the place is packed with the happy class and their proud families.
At the podium, addressing the class of 1995 , is 17-year-old CHARLIE ST. CLOUD. He's tall, athletic, filled with energy, earnestness and hope...
PAN the faces in the audience, hanging on Charlie's every word. And forget about the teenaged girls in the audience, Charlie's breaking their hearts...
ANGLE - LOUISE ST. CLOUD
Charlie's mom is in her mid-forties, attractive but worn down by life's struggles. Her eyes are glistening with pride.
BACK ON CHARLIE
Still speaking, trying to be serious...but suddenly a big smile crosses his face, he has to stifle a laugh as he sees-
SAM ST. CLOUD - 12-YEARS-OLD, trying hard to crack up his big brother. Yawning, pretending to nod off, Sam slaps himself in the face, trying to stay awake.
Now Sam's using his necktie as a noose - Charlie's speech is that boring. Charlie looks away to keep from laughing.

7: EXT. ST. CLOUD HOME - DAY
There's a banner hung outside that says; CONGRATULATIONS CHARLIE!
Charlie, glad to be out of his suit now, is having a catch with Sam. Both boys in good spirits.
Charlie knows what his kid brother does mean...
Sam laughs, and joins in raucously:
The boys barely aware of the blast of the yacht club canon as the sun goes down as they continue to throw and sing...

8: EXT. THE HARBOR - AFTERNOON
A glorious summer's day. Wednesday sailboat races are in full swing. The water's dotted with about ten small sailboats, each with a two man crew, zipping around the triangular course, marked by buoys.
Charlie and Sam are dragging their weathered-looking sailboat down the beach to the water. Identical to all the other boats in dimension and form, the boys' boat looks like it's been fitted with salvaged parts. The sails are patched, the lines frayed.
On the water...two guys are sailing by in their pristine boat. One guy, CONNORS calls out:
Connors just laughs and sails off.
Sam turns to Charlie.
Charlie just smiles.

9: EXT. ON THE WATER - DAY CHARLIE AND SAM'S SAILBOAT
The brothers are competent sailors and work great together as a team. Both boys are exhilarated as they whip through the wind. Charlie, at the helm, shouts to Sam:
Sam rushes into position, shouting:
And Sam removes the winch handle, places it in winch pocket.
Charlie pushes the tiller, starts the turn. He shouts:
Sam does what he's told, then...
Connors boat is on the port side, coming up fast.
Charlie loves the competition, he's having the time of his life. He skillfully manages to stay ahead of Connors and even steal his wind as the boats cover the distance to the next buoy, but Connors is also skilled, and he begins to gain ground.
Sam is thrilled and terrified at the same time. He scrambles into position in the cockpit and grabs the tiller arm.
Charlie hurries to the windward gunwale, grabs a knotted rope and hikes out, counterbalancing the pressure of the wind.
The mast straightens up, the sail catches more wind and the boys' boat begins to pull away.
Connors attempts to mimic Charlie's strategy, but has to buckle himself into a harness and loses precious seconds. The boats approach the last buoy. Charlie pulls himself inboard.
Charlie's watching Connor's boat from the corner of his eye. Sam steers close to the buoy. As it passes abeam...
Sam throws the tiller over, the boom swings, Charlie ducks it and comes up on the other side as the boat angles smoothly around the buoy. The sail fills with new air and the boat takes off, planing across the water.
Sam can barely contain his enthusiasm.
Connors scowls as he fumbles with his fouled sheet. Charlie and Sam pull away...
Sam beams at Charlie, who mock-salutes his little brother.
Sam and Charlie laugh their heads off. They cross the finish line and circle their little boat into the holding area. A shadow falls over them. The boys look up...
Cruising past the dock on the way to its anchorage is the most beautiful and fastest looking sailboat the boys have ever seen.
Its lines are pure artistry, the proportions perfect, the hardware and teak decking gleam in the sun.
A handsome young couple smiles from the open cockpit, the girl waves at Sam and Charlie as the craft motors toward the open ocean. The boys can only watch it slide past, their mouths hanging open in awe and respect.
Sam looks at Charlie with something like hero-worship. Then, excitedly:
Charlie pauses for dramatic effect. He lowers his eyes. He's about to deliver some very bad news.
Sam's face goes from stunned disbelief to an ear-to-ear grin.
WIDE SHOT of the harbor - All we hear is Sam's whoop of delight echoing across the water.

10: INT. ST. CLOUD HOUSE - EVENING
Charlie's on the phone. Sam's hovering anxiously.
Charlie has to laugh at his earnest little bro...
Sam plops onto the sofa. Charlie has an idea.
He's charges out the front door. Sam jumps up and follows.

11: EXT. HOUSE NEXT DOOR - DAY
Charlie's looking at the beat-up old Buick in the driveway
THE BUICK PEELING OUT
Leaving ten yards of rubber as it heads out of Dodge.
INSIDE THE CAR
Charlie and Sam are smiling big-time... But then...the engine sputters and the car stalls out.
Charlie's turning the key, trying to get it to start.
Vrroom! The engine starts. The boys smile, Charlie stomps on the pedal and they're off again.

12: EXT. FENWAY PARK - NIGHT
The seething, riotous, floodlit wonderland of a ballpark at night...
THE SCOREBOARD TELLS THE STORY
The Red Sox are down a run here in the bottom of the ninth. CHARLIE AND SAM
In the bleachers. Wild with excitement. Watching this too- close-for-comfort game, chanting with the rest of the crowd.
ON THE FIELD
The pitcher throws. And the batter swings for the fences and misses. The crowd reacts.
Behind Sam and Charlie, a big fan mutters:
Sam's about to turn around and challenge the guy...but Charlie stops him.
The crowd is quiet now. The pitcher throws.
The batter swings from his heels. And he connects. The crowd is on it's feet. The cheers are deafening, and nobody's shouting harder than Charlie and Sam.
The ball is soaring, up, up...it's going to go out- a game winning homer - and it's heading straight toward Charlie and
Sam. . .
Sam's stands up, he's watching the ball, he's got his glove ready.
The big guy behind him stands up and shouts:
Here comes the ball, the big guy's leaning over, ready to snag it. But...
Charlie suddenly grabs Sam under the arms, hoists him up, up into the air. Sam holds out his glove...
And he makes the catch.
The big guy stews but the crowd goes bonkers applauding the beaming Sam, still being held aloft by his brother.
Pats and high-fives all around...The happiest night of Sam St. Cloud's life...

13: INT./EXT. THE BUICK - NIGHT
Cruising down an empty dark highway. A big, full, shiny moon and a sky full of stars.
Charlie drives. Sam, hyped, brandishing a signed baseball,
(MORE)
Charlie smiles, he knew he'd get a rise out of Sam.
Charlie eases the car to a stop at a T-intersection. The night is black, the only sound, the lazy chug of the V-8.
Seems like the bright full moon's hanging right over them.
Sam snickers at his own joke. Charlie presses the gas pedal. The old Buick slides out onto the main highway... and stalls out again.
Charlie starts turning the ignition key, he doesn't yet see what Sam does...From the right, A RED SUV swerving down the highway. Sam is more surprised than frightened.
And now Charlie sees it too.
THE SCREECH OF BRAKES, FAST TRACK INTO SAM'S FACE - A BLINDING FLASH...and then...
BLACKNESS...Until...

14: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
Slow fade up on a scene of carnage.
Glass glitters like crystal on the blacktop.
The crumpled Buick lies on its roof.
The SUV is slewed across the roadway. Its headlights leer monstrously out of the dark.
TRACK: From behind - a man running toward the wagon.
No sound but his breathing; and the crunch of boots on glass.
CLOSE ON: The running man. It is fireman and paramedic Florio Ferrente.
We read the gravity of the situation in his face.
Now at the upturned Buick, Florio kneels to the driver's window and peers inside.

15: EXT. A DARK PLACE - NIGHT
Sam and Charlie sit shivering on the ground. They are outdoors. It is dark.
They are both cut and bruised.
A light approaches through the darkness.
Charlie: pushing away the fear.
The light is growing rapidly brighter.
CLOSE ON: Charlie grips Sam's hand.
The light is now intense.
The light is blinding.
Sam, a horrified scream:
SUDDENLY!
BANG!

16: INT. SPEEDING AMBULANCE - NIGHT
CLOSE ON: Defibrillator paddles as they shock Charlie's chest.
PAN TO: Charlie's lifeless face.
The world sways with the speeding, siren wailing motion of the ambulance.
CLOSE ON: Charlie. A beat. Then... his eyes slowly open.
CLOSE ON: Florio. Kissing a medallion that hangs from his neck, he murmurs intensely.
Charlie stares at a place far, far away.
WEAVER, another paramedic, switches off flashlight.
Charlie, disoriented, murmurs.
Then Florio quickly turns away, out of Charlie's field of vision.
Charlie sees the grave looks on the paramedics' faces. Turning, he sees Sam lying motionless on the stretcher next to him, Florio frantically trying to revive him. Sam's lifeless eyes seem to stare right through Charlie.
Weaver injects Charlie with a hypodermic.
Overwhelmed by the narcotic, Charlie crumples back to his stretcher. He looks up at Ferrente with pleading eyes.
As Ferrente turns to attend to Sam, Charlie reaches out to his brother.
CLOSE ON: Charlie clutches Sam's still hand.

17: EXT. WATERSIDE CEMETERY - LATE AFTERNOON
Sam's well attended funeral is winding down. The banged-up Charlie, positively numb from the pain and grief sits in the front row with his mother, Louise, who sobs uncontrollably. Charlie's holding onto Sam's baseball glove, it's got a ball in the pocket. The REVEREND finishes his eulogy as Sam's small coffin is slowly lowered into its grave.
Charlie rises from his seat and limps over to the grave. He stands above the grave, prepares to drop Sam's glove onto the coffin below.
Charlie tries but he just can't let go of that glove. His whole body shudders. Charlie runs blindly toward the woods.

18: EXT. WOODS - SUNSET
Charlie runs out of the tended part of the cemetery into the woods. He runs until he bursts through the woods into a clearing. He stops, winded...then... he looks up to the sky.
And Charlie takes the baseball from the glove and hurls it at the sky with all of his might. Then, overcome...he drops onto the grass, tries to block out the pain...
And then...the baseball slowly rolls into his field of vision.
Charlie's astounded...He raises his head...What he sees cannot possibly be real...but he sees it.
Standing before him, in the glow of sunset, is Sam.
Charlie's mind is reeling... slowly he stands.
Sam walks slowly toward him. Charlie is unable to move. Sam looks right at him, and says:
Charlie nearly jumps out of his shoes. He stumbles backward and falls. Sam shakes his head...
He offers Charlie his hand. Charlie hesitates, then takes it. Sam, at first transparent, seems to solidify, take on substance. Sam effortlessly pulls Charlie to his feet.
Before Sam can get another word out, Charlie pulls him into his arms and hugs him with all his might.
Charlie runs from the woods and reappears a moment later, dragging Louise into the clearing.
Louise looks around the clearing, then at Charlie.
And Charlie understands that his mother can't see Sam.
And Louise leaves. Charlie turns back to Sam, who seems about to cry.
Sam dares to smile.
The sun is setting. They hear the blast from the yacht club cannon. Charlie gets an idea.
DISSOLVE INTO:

19: EXT. WATERSIDE CEMETERY - MORNING
Close on a gravestone:
SAMUEL ST. CLOUD
June 15, 1983 - June 9 , 1995
A cone of high-pressure water blasts leaves and bird droppings from the stone. Widen to reveal Charlie wielding the power washer.
Charlie's pushing thirty now. He's still boyishly handsome but in his eyes you can tell that he's no longer young. He wears a uniform of some sort - a pale blue shirt, pressed khakis and work boots.
In the b.g. WE SEE cemetery workers doing various chores, washing monuments, clearing away branches, trimming hedges, etc.
Charlie nods with satisfaction as his chore nears completion, Sam's gravestone is sparkling...Then...he hears something...He looks up to see a flock of noisy geese passing overheard. Charlie watches them. Then he glances back at his brother's grave and smiles mysteriously. He finishes off the work, gathers up the equipment and starts away. Then he notices somebody...
ANGLE - MRS. PHIPPS
An elderly woman kneeling beside a monument, which sits atop a fresh mound of dirt. She is lost in thought. Charlie approaches her gently.
She looks up, startled. The old woman is frail and wan...nearly transparent...
She looks him over. Then...
She smiles faintly. Then returns to gazing at the gravestone.
She looks up at Charlie, filled with sorrow.
Charlie shakes his head, smiles sadly. Then Mrs. Phipps stands up, she's frightened and unsteady.
And she smiles. Charlie has reassured her.
And now we see the gravestone that Charlie and Mrs. Phipps are looking at. The inscription reads:
AMANDA PHIPPS
Beloved Wife, Mother, Grandmother And Teacher.
1924 - 2007
ANGLE - JOE, TRIMMING THE HEDGES
Joe's an African American dude, who works for Charlie. Joe sees Charlie but not Mrs. Phipps. Looks to him like Charlie's talking to himself. Again...
CHARLIE AND MRS. PHIPPS
Something wonderful occurs to Mrs. Phipps, and she nods toward the gravestone right beside her own.
Mrs. Phipps smiles, no longer afraid.
With a final smile for Charlie she walks toward the forest with slow but purposeful steps... Charlie waves goodbye. And then she is gone. Charlie turns around to see Joe standing there...
Charlie, knows what's coming. He starts walking down the hill with Joe on his heels.
Charlie wants to change the subject.
Charlie just looks at him. Then...
Joe shakes his head, frustrated.
Charlie starts walking away. Joe talks after him...

20: EXT. CEMETERY GROUNDS - EVENING
The day's work is through. Joe and the crew are saying their goodbyes, about to get into their various vehicles. But Joe's lingering, waiting around. A WORKER says to him:
The other workers smirk and chuckle in agreement. Joe gives it up and gets into his car.
ANGLE - CHARLIE ON A HILL, WATCHING
Shadows arc across the hill dotted with ancient graves. Charlie watches until the last crew guy has gone.

21: EXT. CEMETERY FRONT GATE - EVENING
Charlie closes the creaky cemetery gates. He locks them with a huge skeleton key. He turns to face the now deserted cemetery. He takes in its solitude and...he smiles. He checks his watch. It's 7:10. He hurries toward-

22: EXT. CARETAKER'S COTTAGE - EVENING
A small place with a sign out front that says, PRIVATE. CARETAKER'S COTTAGE.
Beyond the cottage, on the water, we can see the hull of an old, neglected sailboat - the one Charlie and Sam sailed long
ago.. .

23: INT. COTTAGE LIVING ROOM - EVENING
The place is simply furnished, there are loads of books on every subject, and up on the walls...a jumble of maps and weather charts... also pictures and sketches of sailboats, sailboats and more sailboats...
Charlie's changed into jeans and a sweatshirt. He's throwing things into a bag - a toy of some sort and a baseball glove. He starts for the door but before heading out, he stops to check out one of the weather charts stuck on the wall. He's focusing on the daily sunset times as he tracks down with his finger.
There it is. Thursday the 28th. Sunset, 7:26 P.M. Charlie looks at his watch and starts for the door.

24: EXT. THE COTTAGE - CONT
Bag in hand, Charlie takes off running towards the woods, weaving between the headstones.

25: EXT. THE GLADE IN THE WOODS - EVENING
Charlie races into the dark, deserted glade. He stops and smiles at the sight before him...
He sees...
THE GAGGLE OF GEESE
Frolicking on the lake that runs through the woods.
Charlie reaches into the bag and removes a toy remote control boat. He's only barely aware of the sound of the yacht club cannon that's fired off at sunset. Then-
And there stands-
SAM ST. CLOUD
Sam is unchanged after all these years. He's still only twelve-years-old - same hair, same freckles, same Red Sox cap...same everything. Charlie lights up at the sight of him, just as he has every evening for the past thirteen years.
SAME SCENE - SHORT TIME LATER
The geese are frolicking on the pond...
Now WE SEE Charlie and Sam, sitting on the edge of the lake. Charlie's got a remote control in his lap. They smile at each other as Charlie jams the joystick...
On the lake, the remote control boat begins making its way slowly, stealthily toward the unwitting geese.
Charlie and Sam watch the boat...Sam laughs.
The boat has reached geese vicinity. The birds regard it with mild curiosity... Then...
Charlie presses some buttons on the remote control box.
On the boat - the horn blares and lights flash.
The geese are totally freaked. They take off, flying for their lives.
Charlie and Sam are laughing heartily. High fiving each other...
One big goose - obviously a pissed off alpha male, is heading back toward Charlie and Sam, honking at them.
Now the goose comes swooping toward them. Charlie and Sam laugh.
And they race off laughing all the way.
LATER - IN THE GLADE
It's twilight now, the stars are coming out. Charlie and Sam are stripped down to shorts. Charlie's standing up on a the homemade swing that's right over the lake. Sam's standing there laughing.
And he leaps off the swing and goes into the lake. When he emerges, Sam laughs.
Charlie laughs from the water.
Sam's on the swing now, swinging and swinging...higher than is humanly possible.
Charlie just watches from the water as Sam goes flying off the swing.
Sam seems suspended in air before doing a supernatural flip, spinning about five times in the air.
Charlie just watches filled with awe and wonder and joy...

26: EXT. THE GLADE LATER
Charlie and Sam stand in a dim circle of light in the center of the clearing. They throw the ball back and forth.
Sam smiles, then...
Sam starts running out. Charlie rears back throws a high fly, arcing fly ball.
Sam's racing back, the ball's heading over his head.
Sam leaps impossibly high into the air. He snags the ball with a one handed catch. And then...he smiles at Charlie and disappears...
Charlie smiles and waves.

27: INT. CHARLIE'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
Charlie is curled in an armchair with a sailing magazine.
CLOSE ON MAGAZINE PHOTO: A color photograph of a beautiful, serious-looking young woman, standing on a dry dock beside a magnificent sailboat suspended from a cradle. The headline reads: "Tess Carroll's Radical New Design".
Charlie stands and walks to the table which is littered with the remnants of a meal for one and hand-drawn, sailboat design sketches . He compares his designs with the boat in the magazine.
The sudden, discordant, ringing of the telephone, breaks his concentration. The machine kicks in. The outgoing message is generic.
Charlie just looks at the phone. He can hear the pain in his mother's voice. He knows he should pick it up...
Charlie closes his eyes and rubs his hand across his face.
The line goes dead. A long moment. Then slowly his eyes drift down to the magazine on the table...the picture of Tess Carroll and that incredible boat... Charlie sighs deeply and off the boat's picture we...
DISSOLVE INTO:
A SPARKLING WHITE MAINSAIL
Is being hoisted up the mast of Tess Carroll's magnificent "Querencia." It's emblazoned with the words: CARROLL SAILS.

28: EXT. MARBLEHEAD DOCK - MORNING
As the mainsail goes up, the small gathering applauds. TESS CARROLL, prettier than her magazine picture is emotional as she watches. Her mother, GRACE, who's got a yellow lab called Bobo on a leash, and TINK WEATHERBEE, a big bull of a man, stand at her side.
We see now that the boat is docked in front of CARROLL SAILS, a shop on the wharf. Now Tess addresses the sail shop staff.
The staff applaud Tess, wish her luck, etc. Her emotional mom says:
Tess smiles. Her mother kisses her.
And as Grace goes off with the dog, A WOMAN approaches Tess with her TEN-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER.
The smiling girl hands Tess an autograph book to sign.
Tess hands the autograph book back to Katie.
The girl looks at Tess with pity...
The girl's mom smiles, embarrassed. Tess chuckles. Tink approaches..
We see a t.v. crew walking toward the boat. Tess makes a face.

29: INT. MARBLEHEAD GENERAL STORE - DAY
This place sells everything from stationary to floor wax.
As Charlie walks in, MARGIE, the cashier, lights up at the sight of him. She's pretty, Charlie's age.
Charlie's self-conscious, uncomfortable. He casts his eyes downward.
She lifts his chin, forcing him to make eye-contact. Margie laughs and sighs.
Charlie smiles nervously.
Margie just looks at him like..."Yeah, right.." Charlie avoids her eyes. Glances over at the bank of t.v.'s that are playing on the wall. He's surprised to see who it is...
ON THE TV'S - AN INTERVIEWER WITH TESS CARROLL
Tess stands on the dock before her beautiful 38 foot boat - being interviewed.
Margie's father, FRANK walks over carrying a box.
Margie starts ringing Charlie up.
Charlie's still watching the t.v preoccupied.
Margie and her father exchange looks.

30: EXT. CHARLIE'S PICKUP TRUCK - DAY
Charlie tosses the box inside. He's about to get in and drive off...but instead...he drifts to the corner and looks down toward the dock. There he sees...
TESS'S BOAT - THE QUERENCIA
People are still milling around as Tess's interview wraps up. Charlie stands there transfixed by its sheer beauty.
Then, rounding the corner he sees:
A TOUR GROUP
Led by Marblehead Historic Commission President, FRAFFIE CHAPMAN. Fraffie's a no-nonsense gal with white, poofy hair.
She's seen him. Charlie tries to hide behind a mini-van.
Charlie starts walking fast...
Fraffie's coming after him.
Charlie slips around the corner and ducks into the nearest doorway. It's Maddie's bar.

31: INT. MADDIE'S - CONT.
Charlie just hovers, peering through the window.
AT THE BAR
A couple of guys around CHARLIE'S AGE, MIKE and JACK, spot him hovering near the window. They exchange mischievous smiles.
Through the window, Charlie sees Fraffie Chapman as she gives up the chase and returns to her tour group. He's about to slip out when Mike and Jack approach, smiling.
Charlie's nervous. He dislikes running into people he knows.
Charlie smiles but he just wants to go. Mike grabs his arm.
Having a beer with some friends is something Charlie hasn't done in quite a long time...He checks his watch, decides he's okay on time. He says to the bartender:
Mike and Jack pat his back and he sits at the bar.

32: INT. MADDIE'S - LATER
Charlie's on his third beer with Mike and Jack, and everybody's feeling pretty good.
Charlie smiles, then checks his watch. He panics.
Charlie gets up but Mike bars his way.
Now Charlie's really panicking. The thought of missing Sam, overwhelming...
Charlie tries to move past him, but Mike bars his way.
Charlie tries to get around him, Mike holds on to him.
And Charlie completely loses it. He breaks free of Mike and throws a punch that hits Jack square in the jaw. Jack goes down. Charlie grabs up the nearest beer bottle, smashes it on the table, waves it around and shouts:
The guys, the patrons, the bartender...they just stare at Charlie...
Charlie's still in panic mode. He tosses the bottle down, heads for the door. Standing there are Tess and Tink, who've come in just in time to witness this. They're just looking at Charlie like he's a madman...Charlie, not even realizing it's Tess Carroll, charges right past her, out of the door.
Tess watches Charlie running off through the window, he's familiar somehow...

33: EXT. CEMETERY. EDGE OF WOODS - TWILIGHT
Charlie runs across the field, and plunges into the woods.

34: EXT. THE CEMETERY WOODS - LATE AFTERNOON
Charlie bitterly curses himself as he runs.

35: EXT. THE GLADE - TWILIGHT
Charlie bursts into the clearing.
CLOSE ON: He stops. Sam is not there.
Terrified, panicking, he yells as he runs into the center of the clearing.
No answer. Charlie wheels around frantically, scanning all directions - the lake, the swing, the trees...no sign of him. Charlie can feel the dread rising up in him...He tries again, desperate...
And then...
Charlie spins around. It's Sam. He's smiling.
Charlie's heart is still racing, his chest heaving. He's angry and relieved at the same time.
And then...in the distance, the sunset canon booms. Charlie is surprised. Sam laughs.
Charlie realizes Sam's right. He's flooded with relief.
Charlie's blood pressure has finally returned to normal. He pulls the crumpled up sailing magazine out of his jacket pocket.

36: EXT. THE GLADE - LATER
Charlie and Sam lie side by side on the grass, poring over the sailing magazine with the Tess article.
Sam leers at the picture of Tess in the magazine.
Sam reads from the magazine.
Charlie, laughing, tries to grab the magazine.
Trailing off, Sam looks to Charlie. He says wistfully...
A slight moment of awkwardness. Sam dispels it with a laugh.
Charlie smiles and shakes his head.
Charlie grabs his and soon they're throwing.

37: INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
The bedside clock says that it's 12 A.M. Charlie's just lying there, staring at the ceiling. Finally, he gets out of bed and starts throwing on his clothes.

38: EXT. MARBLEHEAD STREET - NIGHT
A light is still on in the sail shop.
Charlie makes his way toward the harbor...where Querencia is docked.
Charlie's heart beats faster as he approaches the boat. He gazes up at the aerodynamic lines of the big, beautiful boat. The word just comes out of him...
He reaches out, and lovingly trailing his hand along the keel's sleek surface, walks the length of the boat. Not really looking where he's walking, he suddenly finds himself face to face with Tess.
Charlie reaches into his pocket, she jumps.
The flustered Charlie produces the crumpled article from the shipping mag.
Charlie just looks at her, stunned.
Charlie gives up. He starts to leave. But he just can't. He turns around.
Charlie makes a wave motion with his hand. Tess is just looking at him.
And he hurries off. Tess just watches him, then Tink appears on deck, he's got a printout of some sort. He doesn't see Charlie.
Tink just looks at her.

39: EXT. MARBLEHEAD FORESHORE - NIGHT
CLOSE ON: Charlie gazing longingly out to sea.
He sits in a small foreshore park, watching Tess's navigation lights head out of the harbor.
DISSOLVE TO:

40: EXT. QUERENCIA - DAY
The sun is coming up on the horizon...
The boat is sailing smoothly through relatively calm sees.

41: INT. COCKPIT - DAY
Tess is on the radio with Tink.
INTER CUT - TINK'S OFFICE
And she hangs up the headset and heads up to-

42: EXT. MAIN DECK - CONT.
Tess takes the helm, gazes back toward the distant coastline, then, smiling wickedly, her eyes lovingly caress the sleek lines of her yacht...
And then...pulling down hard on the wheel, Tess begins to tack the boat.
CLOSE ON: The cockpit compass. As Querencia turns, the compass spins from south - to north.
She eases the main sheet to a broad reach and fills the headsail with wind. The boat immediately gains speed.
Squaring her face to the rising wind, she smiles.
And Tess heads off, straight into the storm...

43: EXT. THE GLADE - SUNSET
Sam and Charlie are having a catch.
Then Sam sees something out on the water.
Another flash. Charlie sees it.
And Sam gets clear of the tree.

44: EXT. QUERENCIA/OCEAN - NIGHT
We are in the atomic bomb blast of a gale force storm.
Splotches of Phosphorous streak the sky in a stormy fireworks show.
The wind shrieks with savage fury. The sea is a mountainous, tumult of swell and foam.
And Tess is loving every minute of it! Clearly, she lives for this.
Tess is dressed in the protective second skin of her orange survival suit, steering from Querencia's large, open cockpit.
She's shot full of Adrenaline fueled exhilaration, as she surfs the boat down a massive wave.
The boat, running before the storm, has a lot of sail up for such high winds. But Tess is an elite sailor, and she is pushing it.
As Querencia hits the trough at the bottom of the wave, Tess is drenched in a deluge of freezing spray.
Shaking the water out of her eyes, Tess climbs the boat up the face of another massive wall of water.
Suddenly Tink's voice squawks out of the waterproof, cockpit speakers.
Swearing under her breath, Tess glances guiltily toward the speakers.
As the boat crests another wave, the call comes again.
Tess smiles. She knows she must answer.
CLOSE ON: A button reading AUTO-PILOT. She punches it. It illuminates red.
Satisfied that the boat is holding its heading, she pushes back the cabin hatch, slams it shut, and scoots below.

45: INT. CABIN. QUERENCIA - NIGHT
In the relative calm of the cabin, Tink's voice clamors from the radio.
Tess plucks up the radio handset.

46: INT. CARROLL SAILS - NIGHT
Tink is seated at a radio, in the makeshift command center.

47: INT. CABIN. QUERENCIA - NIGHT
As if reproaching her for her lie, the boat free falls off a
wave. Tess has to brace to stop being thrown across the
cabin.
Grimacing at her own dishonesty, she tries to sound casual.

48: INT. CARROLL SAILS - NIGHT
Tink smiles, relieved.

49: INT. CABIN. QUERENCIA - NIGHT
Tess quickly glances down at the chart on the table.
CLOSE ON: The chart. Tess traces her finger over the course Tink plotted.
As Tess replaces the handset, she is stopped by a sudden calmness. She pauses, unsure at first what she is feeling.
The howl of the wind has also died. She looks out the porthole and sees why. Her blood runs cold.
A HUGE ROGUE WAVE, a churning mountain of wind-whipped seawater so gigantic it seems to loom in slow motion over the tiny craft.
And as Tess leaps for the ladder up to the deck, the wave HITS with unimaginable force, and Tess is flung violently across the cabin.
CLOSE ON: Tess's temple strikes a bulkhead with sickening force.

50: EXT. QUERENCIA/OCEAN - NIGHT
The demonic shriek of wind through rigging is unbearable.
Querencia has been knocked flat by the rogue wave. Its sails, now broadside to the wind, lie flat in the water. The deck is at right angle.
CLOSE ON: The AUTO-PILOT button. It beeps and flashes with calamitous warning. Next to the AUTO-PILOT button the KEEL button also flashes a red warning signal.
Water floods the cockpit. Every breaking wave threatens to roll the boat.

51: INT. CABIN. QUERENCIA - NIGHT
CLOSE ON: Tess. She does not move.
SUDDENLY: Tess's eyes flicker open.
With superhuman effort, she drags herself onto one elbow. A moment of groggy indecision, then she grits her teeth, hauls herself to her feet, and leaps into action.
FOLLOW: Tess as she negotiates the crazy, horror-house angle of the companionway, and scrambles into the cockpit.

52: EXT. QUERENCIA/OCEAN - NIGHT
Awash with waves, and alive with flailing rigging, the cockpit is a lethal place to be.
At any moment, Tess could be flung into the raging ocean.
Hanging on for dear life, she resets the AUTO-PILOT and KEEL buttons, then releases the ropes that hold the jib and mainsail in place.
And just when it looks like it couldn't get any worse...
The wind begins to die down a bit, the waves subside a little too...there's even a trace of sunlight appearing through the clouds.
And as Tess gets her ship righted, she sighs mightily with relief, then says:
And Tess turns the wheel...
DISSOLVE INTO:

53: EXT. THE CEMETERY - LATE AFTERNOON
Charlie's making his rounds when he sees something off in the distance. He starts heading toward...
TESS AT A GRAVE SITE
She seems to be sleeping, her head resting on the cool marble of her father's gravestone. Charlie is surprised to see her, and, given their recent encounter, he's not quite sure what to do...
Tess's eyes snap open, she's dazed.
Tess gazes around her, gradually becoming more present.
Only now does Charlie's face come into full focus for her.
Tess scrambles up to her feet.
He taps the Waterside Cemetery badge on his shirt. Tess is surprised.
Tess is suddenly unsteady on her feet. Charlie has to hold her.
Charlie helps her to sit back down on the grass before her father's stone.
Charlie's uncomfortable around this beautiful woman, even more so than usual...
Charlie starts to leave. Then...
Charlie just looks at her. She smiles.
Tess smiles as she looks around the quiet cemetery
Charlie knows she's teasing him. He smiles.
Tess just looks at him, remembering...
And now Tess puts it together.
Charlie glances at her father's stone.
Tess looks at him. Charlie recovers.
Tess just looks at him, studying him.
Tess is studying him, trying to make sense of the puzzle that is Charlie.
She's hit a nerve. Charlie gets up.
Tess stands up, sorry she asked.
Tess is once again unsteady on her feet. Charlie steadies her. Then he notices her head...
She touches her head. Charlie stands over her, takes a look.
Tess hesitates.
Charlie smiles and leads the way.

54: INT. CHARLIE'S COTTAGE - LATE AFTERNOON
They're in the living room. Charlie's applying some antibiotic to Tess's head wound.
58
She's looking at the dozens of sketches and pictures of sailboats on Charlie's wall.
One sketch in particular catches her eye.
Tess points to an odd shape running the length of the keel
They both smile. Then:
Tess notices the sunset tables on the wall...
Charlie wants to redirect her attention to his Querencia sketch.
Tess just looks at Charlie, she's trying to make up her mind about him. Then...
Tess is looking right into his eyes. The moment stretches. Then Charlie glances at the sunset charts...And he pulls back from Tess.
Even though he's smiling, Charlie has pulled back and Tess can feel it.
And she's gone. Charlie's left alone in his cottage which is suddenly feeling extremely...empty. He glances over at the sketch of Tess's boat. Strong emotions he can't keep down are churning...

55: EXT. CHARLIE'S COTTAGE - MOMENTS LATER
Charlie explodes out of the cottage. He stops, looks around, then he takes off running through the cemetery.
ON CHARLIE, running hard, sprinting up a hill. Then he sees-
TESS walking along the path up ahead.
Charlie smiles and he's about to run toward her when he hears...the sunset cannon. Charlie freezes on the hill, conflicted. He looks up toward the sun sinking down over the cemetery woods...
Tess is walking down the path when she's startled by the sudden appearance of the out-of-breath Charlie, who's run down from the hill to intercept her.
Charlie's trying to keep his panic in check.
Tess smiles, shakes her head.
And he's off and running. Tess just has to laugh.
Tess smiles as she watches him sprinting through the cemetery, not quite sure what to make of Charlie St.
Cloud...Then she spies Charlie and Sam's forlorn looking little sailboat on the beach...She keeps on walking.

56: EXT. CLEARING - TWILIGHT
Charlie bursts into the clearing. Sam is waiting, tossing the ball up in the air.
And Sam sticks out his tongue.
Sam just looks at him, stung.
Sam looks right at him.
Sam's sulking, Charlie goes to him.
Sam lashes out.
Sam's young and frightened, his insecurities are getting the best of him and it breaks Charlie's heart.
Sam lights up with a smile.

57: EXT. THE GLADE - LATER
Charlie and Sam emerge from the water. Charlie starts getting his stuff together...
Charlie looks at his kid brother...who will never get to kiss a girl.

58: INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
Charlie and Tess are lingering over what seems to have been a very successful meal.
The lights are low, R&B pulses from the sound system, and they are both pleasantly tipsy from the bottle of wine that they've emptied.
Tess looks over Charlie's boat sketches laid out on the table.
It's the sketch of Querencia modified.
Charlie's looking right at her, into those sea-green eyes. And Tess is feeling it too...thinking maybe you can buy a thrill, after all...Then...
Charlie gets up and heads off into the kitchen.
Tess watches him go. She smiles, still not sure what to make of him. Then she gets up, stretches out...and gravitates toward the big, messy bookcase. It's filled with an eclectic assortment- everything from World Lit to Archeology to books on all matters related to the afterlife. But it's a certain sailing book that gets her attention, it's lying beneath a cardboard box on the top shelf. She reaches for it, trying to slide it out from beneath the box. But the box falls and it's contents spill onto the floor -
PHOTOGRAPHS, DOZENS OF THEM
We see splashes of images, young Charlie, Sam and their mother...

59: INT. CHARLIE'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
Charlie's trying to get a bottle of wine open with the corkscrew. But his hand is trembling with nerves. He chastises himself...

60: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
Charlie walks in with the wine bottle. Tess doesn't see him, she's seated on the floor, looking at a photo of a young Charlie with his mother. Charlie doesn't like being confronted with these long ago images...But he covers it as he says:
Tess looks up, startled.
He bends down and starts putting the pictures back.
CLOSE ON PHOTO - YOUNG CHARLIE AND SAM, arms around each other, aboard their sailboat, mugging for the camera. Charlie has to hide his pain.
And Charlie quickly starts tossing the photos back into the box. But Tess is fascinated by them. Picture after picture of Sam and Charlie sailing...
Charlie just looks at her. She sure can press his buttons...
And Charlie just starts talking, as if in a dream...
Charlie's never said these things to anybody. Tess takes his hand.
Tess looks deep into Charlie's eyes...
Then, almost imperceptibly, Charlie leans toward her...Tess barely whispers:
Then, in the grip of emotions he's never before felt, Charlie pulls her into his arms... and kisses her with all the passion, longing and tenderness... that his lonely heart contains.
Then it's over. Both of them overwhelmed and unprepared for the powerful emotions coursing through them.
Charlie nods grimly. Then...
And Tess walks out the door. Charlie's cottage has never seemed so empty, and his heart is aching. Then...
A knock at the door. Charlie opens it. Tess lands in his arms. They're kissing passionately...Bumping into furniture tearing off clothes as they make their way into the bedroom

61: INT. CHARLIE'S BEDROOM - DAWN
Charlie's just stirring. He sits up sleepily and looks around. He's alone. He's surprised, dismayed...And then he sees, taped to his mirror-
A LITTLE HAND DRAWN SAIL BOAT
Charlie takes it down. He turns it over to find three words written: COME FIND ME.

62: EXT. THE CEMETERY WOODS - DAWN
Charlie's heading through a clearing. He stops in tracks, stunned as he sees-
HIS OLD SAILBOAT - ON THE WATER'S EDGE - SAIL RAISED AND GLEAMING
Tess at the Tiller. She calls out to him:
Charlie starts walking slowly toward the water.
Charlie stops at the water's edge, still somewhat stunned. Finally, Tess laughs.
And she holds out her hand.

63: EXT. THE WATER - DAWN
WHOOSH! CLOSE ON: The bow of the little sailboat carving across the bay.
PULL BACK: Charlie is at the tiller, Tess works the mainsail and jib ropes. They are sailing the boat hard, into a fresh north-east wind.
For Charlie...the sensation of being out on the water again...is one of just pure, unadulterated...joy, and he's having the time of his life.
Then...
Charlie's having the time of his life. He smiles at Tess, knowing he's got her to thank for this. She smiles back.

64: EXT. THE BEACH - DAY
Charlie and Tess have just pulled the boat onto shore. Charlie's so exhilarated, he can't calm down.
Tess laughs. Charlie just looks at her. Then he kisses her.
Tess just smiles. Then:
She kisses him. Then:
And off she goes. Charlie watches her. He's got the biggest smile on his face...

65: EXT. THE CEMETERY - DAY
Charlie's still wearing that smile as he hoses off a gravestone. Joe's with him, laughing.
And Charlie laughingly turns the hose on him. Joe laughs as he runs away.

66: INT. MARBLEHEAD NURSING HOME - DAY
Tess's AUNT ABBY, an ancient gal in her eighties, sits staring out of the window.
Tess walks in. She smiles sadly. Then she comes over and gives her aunt a kiss.
Aunt Abby just stares off, Tess's presence not registering...
There's a sparrow on a limb right outside the window. He flies off.
Tess is startled. She comes around to face her aunt.
And then Aunt Abby's eyes close, her head tilts and she's snoring softly. Tess smiles, kisses her cheek.

67: EXT. THE CEMETERY BEACH - LATE AFTERNOON
Charlie and Tess sit on a blanket with a now empty picnic basket beside them. You can tell that they've been here for hours.
Tess smiles tentatively:
Charlie smiles, kisses her neck.
Charlie's just looking at her. What..?
She's waiting for an answer. Charlie's tormented.
THE SUNSET CANNON BOOMS
The startled Charlie goes white.
Charlie can barely control his panic.
And they're hurrying to his truck.

68: EXT. CHARLIE'S COTTAGE - SUNSET
They get out of the pickup. Charlie's already off and running, prevailing on Tess:
Tess looks after him, curiously.

69: EXT. FOREST - SHORT TIME LATER
Charlie breathlessly crashes into the glade.
And then Charlie just stands there, frozen...
SAM STANDING THERE - PARTIALLY TRANSPARENT
And Sam's frightened, quivering, nearly in tears.
Charlie rushes over to his brother, tries to touch him...but his hand passes through.
Then...lighting up relieved...
And, sure enough, Sam's becoming more visible. Charlie can grab Sam's arm now, his hand no longer passes through. But Sam's still angry and distraught.
Charlie turns around. There's Tess.
Charlie is mortified.
Now Charlie glances toward Sam, who is obviously feeling very threatened...
Charlie just looks at her, he really does want her to understand...
Tess comes over to Charlie and takes his hand. She raises it to her lips and gently kisses it.
The frightened Sam cries out.
Charlie tears his eyes away from Tess. He looks at his frightened, little brother...Then to Tess:
Tess sighs sadly. And starts walking away.
And she starts walking off. Sam smiles. Charlie goes after her, stops her.
Charlie looks at Tess, he's going to tell her...Then he glances at Sam, frightened, waiting...nearly quaking with fear.
Tess's heart is broken. Then she turns and walks away. Sam comes up beside his brother.
Charlie just looks at Sam. He's made his choice and he'll live with it. He throws his arm around Sam.

70: EXT. TESS'S MOTHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT
A single light burns high up in the widow's walk of an eighteenth century house overlooking the harbor.
Tess walks in, looks around, calls out:
But the house is empty. Tess sighs and plops down in the window seat of the widow's walk, gazes mournfully out over the dark water.
Bobbo, trots in. He whines pitifully. Tess sighs.

71: INT. CHARLIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
CLOSE ON: Charlie. He smiles.
PULL BACK: Charlie, sitting drinking alone, is talking to thin air. Suddenly engulfed by sadness, his smile fades. He murmurs.
Charlie gulps scotch from the glass in his hand.

72: EXT. CHARLIE'S COTTAGE - DAWN
Charlie, looking like hell and feeling even worse, is just now discovering that he's out of coffee. He shakes out the few remaining grounds from the bag...
Then...a knock at the door. Tess? Charlie rushes to open it. Joe's standing there with a shit eating grin.
Charlie closes the door in Joe's face and turns away. Joe opens the door and comes inside.
Then he looks at Charlie, realizes for the first time how disheveled he is.

73: INT. TESS'S MOM'S HOUSE - DAY
Tess is walking toward Bobo with a leash.
Bobo gets up and rushes past Tess, right out through the doggie door.

74: INT. DRIFTWOOD CAFE - DAY
A rustic little dive on the water. The place filled up with early morning regulars. Charlie's thoughts are miles away as he sits with Joe and sips his coffee. Joe talks to waitress.
Charlie glances out the window and notices Tink hurrying along the dock. He meets a couple of other watermen.

75: EXT. ALONG THE WATER
Tess runs down the beach, chasing Bobo. Up ahead, she sees a FISHERMAN she knows. She calls out:
Dubby makes no attempt to stop the dog and as Tess runs by she laughs:

76: INT. THE CAFE -DAY
Charlie's still watching as Tink and the group enter the cafe and go to a big wall-sized nautical chart of the area. A couple of the locals drift over and join the group.
Charlie gets up and approaches Tink's group. As he nears the huddle he hears snatches of conversation: "Coast Guard chopper could..." "been over forty-eight hours since..." "where was your last contact from?..."
Through the window we see a distressed Grace Carroll walking with HODDY SNOW, the officious-looking harbor master.

77: EXT. ALONG THE WATER - DAY
Tess chases Bobo, who's now heading toward town. She's getting seriously irritated.

78: INT. THE DRIFTWOOD - DAY
Charlie steps into the group.
CLOSE ON: Charlie. Almost instinctively he asks:

79: EXT. MARBLEHEAD MAINSTREET - DAY
Tess calls to a young woman walking along the pavement.
JULIE looks through Tess as if she doesn't exist.

80: INT. DRIFTWOOD - DAY
The Water Man's battling his emotions.
Charlie is in shock. Some of the locals overhear and leave their tables to join the throng at the map.

81: EXT. MARBLEHEAD MAINSTREET - DAY
Tess, irritated, speaks directly into Julie's face.
No response. Tess turns to a mirrored storefront window, seeking her reflection...

82: INT. THE DRIFTWOOD - DAY
Charlie is reeling. This just can't be...
The men in the group make way for Grace Carroll, who's just walked in. Her face is tear-streaked as she makes her way through the crowd.
Finally, Charlie just has to speak up.
All eyes are on him. Tink looks at him disdainfully:
Everybody's befuddled. What's going on here..?
PUSH IN: On Charlie desperately holding back fear.
Everybody, including Joe, is shaking their heads, thinking...crazy Charlie again.

83: EXT. MARBLEHEAD MAIN STREET - DAY
We now see what Tess sees in the mirror — life continuing around her on the street, but no reflection back of herself. Gripped with panic, Tess slowly buckles to the pavement.

84: INT. THE DRIFTWOOD - DAY
Charlie still reeling as Tink addresses the group.
Everybody's aghast. Charlie turns and walks out the door.

85: EXT. MARBLEHEAD STREET - MOMENTS LATER
Charlie's rushing down the street, looking in all directions. No sign of Tess. Then he has a thought. He takes off toward the water.
Soon...up ahead...he sees her.
TESS ON THE DOCK
Her back to Charlie, gazing out at the water.
Tess turns around. There's Charlie rushing toward her. And in less than a moment, she's in his arms.
Tess can tell by Charlie's face that something is horribly wrong.
Charlie knows he has to be strong for her. It isn't easy.
A procession of boats motor past the dock on their way out of the harbor.
And Tess tries her best to concentrate...
Charlie's having a hard time holding it together.
Tess is thunderstuck. She starts shaking her head.
Then finally, an anguished cry...
They look into each other's eyes... Charlie's heart is breaking. And then...Tess begins to slowly fade...
Tess panics as she realizes what's happening to her.
Charlie tries to hold onto Tess, but his hands go right through her. Their faces are inches apart. Tess's voice is drifting far away.
And then...she's gone.
Tink passes with his boat. He's seen Charlie talking to himself. He turns away with disgust.
Charlie's left alone on the dock, the mournful foghorn blows...

86: INT. CHARLIE'S COTTAGE - DAY
Charlie's wall...with it's meticulous round trip charts and sunset tables and dozens of sailboat sketches.
PULL BACK TO: Charlie standing there, staring at them...
Then, in a rage he rips the charts from the wall, tearing them into pieces and flinging them across the room. Next come his sailboat sketches - one after another, he rips them from the wall. But there's one sailboat sketch that stops him cold-
THE QUERENCIA
It's the sketch of Charlie's re-imagined version of Tess's
boat. Charlie can't bring himself to pull this one from the wall but the sight of it absolutely breaks his heart.
Then he calms down, composes himself...He knows what he has to do...

87: INT. CHARLIE'S COTTAGE - LATE AFTERNOON
Charlie's at his desk, writing a letter.
CLOSE ON LETTER - All we see are the words:
"DEAR MOM, I'M SORRY FOR EVERYTHING..." And- "NOW I'LL BE WITH SAM..."
And we are led to the inescapable conclusion that Charlie St. Cloud is planning to take his life... Then...there's a knock on the door. Charlie ignores it, or tries to. Then-
Charlie grits his teeth...
ON JOE
Outside pounding on the door.
ON CHARLIE
He grimaces. He knows Joe's not leaving. He barks:
He stashes his suicide letter in the desk drawer, closes it.

88: EXT. CEMETERY - SUNSET
A funeral's in progress. A large gathering of friends, family and firefighters and a row of uniformed men with bagpipes.
The Chief of the Fire Department is delivering a eulogy.
Charlie's standing nearby, pretty out of it...
In the distance, the sunset cannon booms. Charlie hears it.
He starts toward the woods.

89: EXT. THE GLADE - SUNSET
Charlie plops down miserably on a log, waiting for Sam. Then a voice...
He turns around. It's Florio Ferrente in his dress uniform.
Charlie is rocked. He remembers now.
Florio approaches Charlie and somewhat awkwardly embraces him in a gentle hug.
Then Charlie nods in the direction of the funeral.
Charlie is both profoundly moved and ashamed of himself.
Florio's looking right at him, Charlie can barely meet his eyes. Then:
Sam has walked into the glade.
Florio walks toward him. Looks into his eyes.
Sam smiles.
Florio smiles at Charlie:
Charlie is profoundly moved. And also ashamed of himself. Then...in the distance - bagpipe music.
And Florio starts to head out of the glade back toward his funeral service.
And Florio musses Sam's hair as he heads off.
Charlie and Sam watch him go.
And now Sam knows...
Sam just looks at Charlie...Then, bitterly-
Sam takes it in...then...
And Sam gives Charlie a hug. Charlie looks at his little brother, realizes how great he is, how much he loves him. He smiles sadly.
Sam smiles with reassurance.
And Charlie walks out of the glade.

90: INT. CHARLIE'S COTTAGE - NIGHT
Charlie walks in and surveys the mess he's made. The only
thing still on the wall is his sketch of the Querencia.
Then he walks to the desk, opens the drawer - he's looking at-
HIS SUICIDE NOTE
He picks it up and tears it into pieces which he tosses into the trash. Then as he's about to close the drawer...he sees something in there, it was lying beneath the note...Was it there before...? He picks it up.
TESS'S HAND DRAWN SAILBOAT PICTURE
It breaks Charlie's heart to see it. Then he turns it over.
There are those three words again-
COME FIND ME
Charlie sighs deeply. He places the note back in the drawer -
a memento he will forever cherish. He closes the drawer and starts picking up the tattered remains of the charts and
sketches he'd torn off the wall.
But he's stopped cold when lying on the floor, he sees-
ANOTHER HAND DRAWN SAILBOAT SKETCH
It's identical to the other. He turns it over. Those words
again...
COME FIND ME...
Charlie is baffled...where did this second sketch come from? And as he studies it, he hears...a sound...a ripping sound..?
He wheels around to see-
THE QUERENCIA SKETCH ON THE WALL
The tape that's holding it is giving way...the sketch is
slowly starting to peel away...
And as it does, one by one it reveals the words, scrawled
there on the wall...
COME FIND ME...
The sketch falls onto the floor.
Charlie is rocked, unable to move...Come find me, come find me...and then-
FLASHBACK - ON THE WATER - TESS IN HIS OLD SAILBOAT
FLASHBACK - THE HARBOR
The last time Charlie saw her...fading away...
ANOTHER IMAGE - THE ANGUISHED TESS
THE PRESENT - ON CHARLIE - AN EPIPHANY

91: EXT. MARBLEHEAD DOCK - NIGHT
The weary-looking Tink's just tied up his boat. He walks up the dock with the frantic Charlie at his heels.
Charlie grabs his arm.
Tink snorts, "Yeah, right," pulls away, and keeps on walking, leaving Charlie behind. Charlie doesn't miss a beat. He turns around and makes a dash for Tink's boat. He quickly unties it and leaps aboard.
ON TINK'S BOAT - CONT
Charlie rushes into the wheel house and starts the engine.
ON TINK
Hearing his boat engine start up. He wheels around, sees what's happening and charges toward his boat like an angry bull.
ON THE BOAT
Charlie's at the wheel, moving her out of the slip.
TINK LEAPS OFF THE DOCK
And just barely makes it onto the boat. He scrambles to his feet and attacks Charlie, shoving him roughly up against the wall. Charlie tries to break free, but Tink's too big and strong. Tink then lifts Charlie up and hurls him across the wheel house...everything goes flying, including the radio which gets smashed on the floor.
Tink's coming for him again. Charlie scrambles up. Tink's coming toward him with murder in his eyes.
Tink stops, he bellows half in anguish, half in anger.
Despite himself, Tink sees the logic of this... Still, he glowers at Charlie as he says:
Charlie nods.

92: EXT. TINK'S BOAT - NIGHT
Tink's boat threads slowly through a chain of small islands that arc out of the sea like humpbacks.
The boat's powerful searchlight sweeps an eerily calm, ink- black ocean.
Tink's at the wheel as Charlie, manning the searchlight, calls out:
His voice bounces forlornly back from the rocks.

93: EXT./INT. TINK'S BOAT - DAWN
Charlie and Tink have been up all night and it shows. In the cabin, Charlie's poring over the nautical maps while Tink tries to get the broken radio to work.
Tink releases the talk button and gets only static. He finally gives up.
Tink yawns mightily.

94: EXT. OCEAN/TINK'S BOAT - DAY
Tink is sound asleep. Charlie is at the tiller, scanning the horizon. He can't see shit, it's foggy as hell...
SAME SCENE - LATER
Charlie, weary, running on fumes, still at the wheel. Now Charlie's got his eye on-
THE HAZY YELLOW SUN
Tink walks over, sees Charlie watching the sun. He hands him a beer.
Charlie's not thinking about the darkness, he's thinking about Sam as he says:
Charlie wants to believe this with all his heart.
ON THE BOAT - LATER
Tink steers toward a small island. Charlie calls out:
No reply. Charlie dares to glance skyward- THE SUN IS JUST STARTING TO SINK Charlie's getting desperate.
Tink shakes his head but he turns the wheel.

95: INT. THE BOAT CABIN - LATER
Tink's trying the radio again.
Charlie's going over the navigational maps and charts, crossing out the areas that have already been searched.
Charlie gets up and heads for the deck.

96: EXT. THE DECK - LATE AFTERNOON
Charlie's at the wheel with Tink. The water's getting rougher, the boat's unsteady, the cold sea sweeps the deck and both men have to shout above the din of the waves.
Charlie realizes he slipped up.
Charlie instinctively looks up at the sun.
It's starting to sink.
He could still make it back for Sam.
His hands are unsteady on the wheel...
He turns back to Tink.
Tink just snorts and makes a move toward the wheel. Charlie blocks him, gets in his face.
This stops Tink. He just glares at Charlie...Then...
Tink storms away. Charlie looks back at the sun...
SAME SCENE - LATER
THE SUN IS SETTING - DROPPING INTO THE OCEAN
Charlie's still at the wheel, staring off at the sun. He murmurs softly...

97: EXT. THE GLADE - SUNSET
Sam sitting on a log, waiting. He tosses his ball in the air and catches it.
ON THE BOAT - SUNSET
Charlie's on the deck. He stares out at the big, orange sun, sinking into the sea. After thirteen years, and thousands of sunsets, Charlie registers the enormity of his decision. And then the tears start to come...

98: EXT. VARIOUS SHOTS AROUND THE GLADE - SUNSET
...As the last of the sun's light bathes it in amber...
The pond, empty and still.
The grassy area...vacant.
And the log Sam was sitting on...He sits there no longer... Then as the CAMERA MOVES THROUGH THE GLADE...We find- SAM ON THE BLUFF
Looking out to sea...and just beginning to fade away...
BACK ON THE BOAT
Charlie, a tear streaming down his cheek as he watches the last of the sunset...
Then...
Charlie turns to Tink...
CLOSE ON: The bow of Tink's boat ploughing through the water.
as the boat rounds an island.
CLOSE ON: Charlie. He silently prays as...
CHARLIE'S POV: The island clears from view and.... He sights- QUERENCIA'S CAPSIZED HULL.
He does not know whether to feel joy or despair. Querencia wallows on the gentle swell like an upturned, bloated carcass. Wedged between two small islands, the boat's keel is partially snapped off.
Tink is amazed, horrified and ecstatic.
Snapping into action, Charlie barks at Tink.
Tink grabs the wheel as Charlie starts pulling off his shoes.
Charlie runs to the bow of the boat. He pauses, staring at Querencia's stricken hull.
He murmurs a silent prayer.
And then...
WIDE: Charlie dives...
UNDERWATER SHOT: An explosion of phosphorescence as Charlie's body shatters the silent, shimmering, underwater world.
He arrows down toward the inverted entrance of Querencia' s cabin.
Charlie reaches the storm board which seal the cabin's entrance.
He tries to budge the board. It will not move.
CLOSE ON: He struggles desperately with the board, WE HEAR the sound of his blood drumming in his ears. He is running out of air.
Turning on his back, Charlie uses his feet to kick the storm- board with all his might.
CLOSE ON: It budges.
With redoubled fury, Charlie kicks. The board slides far enough for Charlie to wriggle into the opening.
FOLLOW Charlie into...

99: INT. QUERENCIA CABIN - DAY
Gasping, Charlie surfaces into the air pocket of the upturned cabin. The water is chest deep.
A slice of sunlight penetrates from where the keel has come away from the hull; otherwise the cabin is dark as a tomb.
The eerily amplified sound of the boat's hull grinding against rocks, fills our ears.
Charlie calls.
He takes the pencil light from his pocket and tears it from its plastic wrapping.
Snapping the light on, Charlie casts its beam around the cabin.
Everything is literally, turned upside down.
Packets of food, maps, clothing, and a mess of other junk floats in the water.
CLOSE ON: Charlie. He cannot see Tess. With rising urgency, he scans the beam into every nook and cranny of the cabin.
And then he sees her; unconscious, and almost hidden, Tess is wedged into the corner of the far bulkhead.
With a cry of relief, Charlie rushes through the water toward the woman he loves.
With four steps, Charlie is there. He reaches to take Tess in his arms, but stops, horrified.
CHARLIE'S POV: It is not Tess. The dark shape was a sail bag, a trick of the shadows.
UNDERWATER SHOT: Charlie plunges beneath the water that fills the cabin. Fearing the worst now, he is looking for a corpse.
Nothing.
Charlie resurfaces for air, and dives back under.
CHARLIE'S UNDERWATER POV: The cabin skylight has been punctured by the ship's boom, which, still attached to the broken mast, protrudes in from the sea at an unlikely angle. The hole seems to have been enlarged to a size big enough for a person to fit through.
Charlie surfaces. He is still for a moment, trying to understand what it means.
And with a huge lung-full of air, plunges back under he water.
Dawn, slanting down through the shifting sea, makes the broken skylight seem like the entrance to a bright, white, light-filled tunnel.
Charlie swims out of the cabin window, and into the light.
Charlie is now back under the open sea, but on the island side of Querencia's hull. The broken mast is jammed into rocks at the base of the island.
Charlie swims past a mess of twisted rigging, searching for a sign of Tess.
He looks up toward the sunlight. He can see the outline of the island flickering above him.
He kicks hard for the surface, but moves only a few inches.
He tries to move again, but cannot. He glances around, trying to find what is holding him.
CLOSE ON: Charlie's pullover is snagged on some broken rigging.
Charlie twists, trying to unhook himself. He cannot.
CLOSE ON: Charlie. He has been submerged a long time now. His breath is starting to run out.
More and more desperately, Charlie twists, and struggles.
He tries to take the pullover off, but it tangles around him.
Bubbles escape from his mouth, he cannot hold on any longer. He screws his eyes tight with the effort of holding the stale air inside his bursting lungs.
And then...
To his great surprise, Charlie is suddenly pulled free by unseen hands. He rips out of the jumper and shoots to the surface.
BANG! Breaking the surface, Charlie gratefully gulps air. He looks around expectantly for his savior:
But Charlie's alone. Charlie doesn't understand...B ut
then he thinks he does...and he smiles gratefully.
On one side, the upturned hull of Querencia blocks Charlie's view of Tink's boat. On the other side, is the island.
Charlie, barely conscious, struggles to his feet. His eyes, hardly able to focus, search the rough black rock. And then he sees it...a flash of orange.
There! Clad in her orange survival suit, Tess lies very still amongst the rocks.

100: EXT. MARBLEHEAD WATERFRONT - MORNING
There are a lot of Marblehead residents gathered out here tonight to keep vigil. We see Tink, Grace, Fraffie Chapman, Marge and many others...
And there's a TV crew on hand, doing a story on Tess and her missing boat. The same reporter, who just interviewed Tess, speaks into the camera. He seems pretty emotional.
ANGLE - GRACE AND A FRIEND
Grace is listening to the reporter as he puts his stock concerned face on for the camera.
Now...in the b.g. on the water, unnoticed by the crowd, we can see a boat docking. We can barely make it out. Is it Tink's?
The reporter approaches Grace, mike in hand.
Grace turns and walks away from the reporter, leaving him looking a little foolish.
Then...from behind the crowd...we just about make out a flash of orange, heading slowly toward the crowd...
Marge is the first to see it, she can only gasp and say:
Now they all see what Marge has seen- CHARLIE CARRYING TESS IN HIS ARMS
Tess, in her orange survival suit, lies limp in his arms. Charlie looks near death himself as he walks slowly toward the disbelieving crowd.
Within moments, Charlie's enveloped by the throng.
AN SUV COMES SCREECHING UP
Tink come flying out, he starts helping Charlie get the motionless Tess inside.
The frenzied reporter and cameraman rush over. It's absolute chaos...

101: INT. MARY ALLEY HOSPITAL - DAY
An empty corridor. Many hours have passed. Charlie's curled up on a bench, sound asleep. There's a blanket around him. Then...two hands gently stir him awake. He opens his eyes... groggy, unfocused...But when he realizes who it is, he bolts upright...
TESS STANDS BEFORE HIM
Alive and well and radiantly beautiful.
Charlie is amazed and absolutely overjoyed.
Charlie pours out his heart.
And Charlie reaches out to take her in his arms...
But he can't.
TESS IS TRANSPARENT.
His arms pass right through her.
AND SHE'S FADING AWAY.
But Tess isn't frightened. She smiles as she says...
And then she's just...gone.

102: INT. ANOTHER HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER
Charlie's frantically rushing down the corridor, paying no heed to the passing doctors, nurses, patients... He gets to the hall marked- ICU. He's heading in but he's stopped by a brawny MALE NURSE.
Charlie's knees get weak. A voice behind him-
Charlie turns around. It's Grace Carroll, very emotional...
And Grace starts to cry as she hugs Charlie tight
Charlie just stands there... unable to move. Then Grace Carroll releases him. And she smiles...

103: INT. TESS'S HOSPITAL ROOM - EVENING
Charlie walks in...There's Tess, sitting up in bed, talking with Tink, who sees him first.
Tink smiles at Tess as he heads toward the door.
Tink pats Charlie's back on his way out.
Grateful to be alone with her, Charlie walks to Tess's bedside.
Charlie just looks at her. What's going on here..?
Charlie gets a sinking feeling in his stomach.
And now Charlie knows for sure...Tess does not remember anything about the time they spent together...when she was a spirit.
Charlie looks into those sea green eyes...probably, he figures, for the last time...Then...
Charlie just looks at her. And Tess realizes it too...
But Charlie knows. And his heart is racing. He looks into those eyes again...
Tess just looks at him, not fully understanding it yet, but feeling the connection, the deep bond between them...She reaches out her hand...and Charlie takes it.

104: EXT. MARBLEHEAD STREET - DAY
Charlie walks down the street, in no particular hurry. But everywhere he goes, somebody seems to want to smile or wave. Charlie waves back. Then-
Charlie turns around, his blood runs cold. It's Fraffie Chapman heading right for him.
Fraffie gives him a big kiss. Charlie's stunned. Then, just like that...Fraffie's gone. Charlie smiles and keeps walking

105: INT. CARETAKER'S COTTAGE - LATE AFTERNOON
Charlie's throwing a few things in a duffle bag. Joe watches
He steps outside, then...
Joe just smiles at the "new" Charlie.
Charlie smiles.

106: EXT. CARETAKER'S COTTAGE - SHORT TIME LATER
Charlie walks toward his pickup. But then he realizes that the sun is starting to set. He looks toward the woods at the cemetery's edge.

107: EXT. THE GLADE - SUNSET
Charlie walks into the glade. It's deserted. The last of the light fades. He hears the sunset cannon's blast. He smiles sadly and sits down on the log:
And then...a voice:
BUT CHARLIE DOESN'T HEAR THE VOICE.
NOR DOES HE SEE -
THE HANDSOME YOUNG MAN, STANDING BEFORE HIM - SHIMMERING LIKE A HOLOGRAM
It takes us a moment to realize...that it's Sam.
And he's no longer twelve, he's all grown up - a perfect combination of the boy he'd been and the man he'd always hoped to be.
CHARLIE CAN NEITHER SEE NOR HEAR HIM...
Sam kneels down to Charlie.
Charlie gets up, walks past Sam, looks up to heavens.
Charlie starts to cry. It breaks Sam's heart.
Charlie calms down. He seems at peace now.
And with that, Charlie takes his last, long look around the glade.
And he starts to walk away.
As Sam watches him go, he reaches into his jacket pocket for something...
Charlie's nearing the woods but he stops in his tracks as he sees. ..
A BASEBALL
Rolling into his field of vision from behind. He picks the baseball up. Is he dreaming this...? He turns around.
There's nothing there. Not even Sam's hologram.
Charlie's face lights up with the biggest smile as he tosses the ball in the air and catches it. Then:
And as he walks out of the glade...
WE HEAR FLORIO FERRENTE'S VOICE

108: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - EVENING
People lining up for the Saturday night show...Tess and Charlie hand in hand in line.

109: INT. MADDIE'S BAR - NIGHT
Charlie turns away from the bar with two drinks in his hands, brings them to a table where Tess waits. Joe is here too...

110: EXT. THE OLD NORTH CHURCH - DAY
Charlie and Tess rush out of the church where they're pelted with rice. They look deliriously happy and it seems like the whole town's turned out.

111: EXT. A MODEST HOUSE - DAY
Charlie carrying the laughing Tess across the threshold.

112: EXT. MARY ALLEY HOSPITAL - DAY
Charlie's pickup screeches to a halt out front. Charlie practically falls out the door, runs around to help Tess out. She's laughing hysterically.

113: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
Charlie stands there, beaming with pride as Tess lies nursing their newborn baby.

114: EXT. HOUSE ON CLOUTMAN'S LANE - DAY
Charlie is teaching little Sam, age 4 to catch a baseball. Tess watches from the porch.

115: EXT. WATERSIDE CEMETERY - DAY
Florio stands among the headstones, we recognize Sam's, still gleaming white in the sun.

116: EXT. THE HARBOR - DAY
CHARLIE, TESS AND YOUNG SAM ON A SAILBOAT Heading off for a sail around Marblehead.
BACK TO FLORIO ON THE BLUFF
Watching Charlie and Tess and little Sam...
Then Florio turns toward the woods. As he begins to walk, he slowly becomes more and more transparent... and finally fades away.
We're left with a pristine view of Marblehead harbor...and a sailboat... Charlie and Tess's boat with sail full...going with the wind.
FADE OUT: